Installed Packages
AtomicParsley.x86_64                             0.9.5-17.fc34                          @fedora                                        
Box2D.x86_64                                     2.4.1-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
GraphicsMagick.x86_64                            1.3.36-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
GraphicsMagick-c++.x86_64                        1.3.36-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
ImageMagick.x86_64                               1:6.9.11.27-3.fc34                     @fedora                                        
ImageMagick-libs.x86_64                          1:6.9.11.27-3.fc34                     @fedora                                        
LibRaw.x86_64                                    0.20.2-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
ModemManager.x86_64                              1.16.8-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                         1.16.8-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
NetworkManager.x86_64                            1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                       1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                  1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch 1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-l2tp.x86_64                       1.8.6-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                      1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                  1.2.14-1.fc34.1                        @fedora                                        
NetworkManager-openconnect.x86_64                1.2.6-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
NetworkManager-openvpn.x86_64                    1:1.8.14-1.fc34                        @fedora                                        
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                        1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-pptp.x86_64                       1:1.2.8-2.fc34.2                       @fedora                                        
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                       1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                        1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-vpnc.x86_64                       1:1.2.6-6.fc34                         @fedora                                        
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                       1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                       1:1.30.6-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
PackageKit.x86_64                                1.2.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
PackageKit-Qt5.x86_64                            1.0.2-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64              1.2.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                           1.2.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64               1.2.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
R.x86_64                                         4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
R-core.x86_64                                    4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
R-core-devel.x86_64                              4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
R-devel.x86_64                                   4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
R-evaluate.noarch                                0.14-7.fc34                            @fedora                                        
R-glue.x86_64                                    1.4.2-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
R-highr.noarch                                   0.9-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
R-java.x86_64                                    4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
R-java-devel.x86_64                              4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
R-knitr.noarch                                   1.33-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
R-magrittr.x86_64                                2.0.1-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
R-markdown.x86_64                                1.1-6.fc34                             @fedora                                        
R-mime.x86_64                                    0.10-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
R-rpm-macros.noarch                              1.2.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
R-stringi.x86_64                                 1.5.3-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
R-stringr.noarch                                 1.4.0-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
R-xfun.x86_64                                    0.22-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
R-yaml.x86_64                                    2.2.1-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
SDL2.x86_64                                      2.0.16-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
Thunar.x86_64                                    4.16.8-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                   3.101-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
aalib-libs.x86_64                                1.4.0-0.41.rc5.fc34                    @fedora                                        
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                   0.301-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
abrt.x86_64                                      2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                           2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                     2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                     2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                         2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                           2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-cli.x86_64                                  2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                 2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-desktop.x86_64                              2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-gui.x86_64                                  2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                             2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-libs.x86_64                                 2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-plugin-bodhi.x86_64                         2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-retrace-client.x86_64                       2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
abrt-tui.x86_64                                  2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
accounts-qml-module.x86_64                       0.7-5.fc34                             @fedora                                        
accountsservice.x86_64                           0.6.55-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                      0.6.55-6.fc34                          @fedora                                        
acl.x86_64                                       2.3.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
acpi.x86_64                                      1.7-16.fc34                            @fedora                                        
adcli.x86_64                                     0.9.1-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                       20171205-10.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch            20171205-10.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                        20180407-8.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch               2.030.1.050-10.fc34                    @anaconda                                      
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                      40.1.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                        3.28-12.fc34                           @fedora                                        
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                        40.1.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
akonadi-import-wizard.x86_64                     20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
akregator.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
akregator-libs.x86_64                            20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
alacritty.x86_64                                 0.9.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
alsa-lib.x86_64                                  1.2.5.1-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                         1.8-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
alsa-ucm.noarch                                  1.2.5.1-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
alsa-utils.x86_64                                1.2.5.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
alternatives.x86_64                              1.15-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
anaconda.x86_64                                  34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
anaconda-core.x86_64                             34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
anaconda-gui.x86_64                              34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                 34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
anaconda-live.x86_64                             34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
anaconda-tui.x86_64                              34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
anaconda-user-help.noarch                        26.1-13.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                          34.24.9-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
annobin.x86_64                                   9.79-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
anthy-unicode.x86_64                             1.0.0.20201109-6.fc34                  @updates                                       
appstream.x86_64                                 0.14.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
appstream-data.noarch                            34-2.fc34                              @updates                                       
appstream-qt.x86_64                              0.14.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
arpack.x86_64                                    3.8.0-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
artwiz-aleczapka-anorexia-fonts.noarch           1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-aqui-fonts.noarch               1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-cure-fonts.noarch               1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-drift-fonts.noarch              1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-edges-fonts.noarch              1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-fkp-fonts.noarch                1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts.noarch                    1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-fonts-common.noarch             1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-gelly-fonts.noarch              1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-glisp-fonts.noarch              1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-kates-fonts.noarch              1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-lime-fonts.noarch               1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-mints-mild-fonts.noarch         1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-mints-strong-fonts.noarch       1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-nu-fonts.noarch                 1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-smoothansi-fonts.noarch         1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
artwiz-aleczapka-snap-fonts.noarch               1.3-30.fc34                            @fedora                                        
asymptote.x86_64                                 2.69-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
at.x86_64                                        3.1.23-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                               2.38.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                         2.38.0-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
at-spi2-core.x86_64                              2.40.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                        2.40.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
atk.x86_64                                       2.36.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
atk-devel.x86_64                                 2.36.0-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
atkmm.x86_64                                     2.28.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
atmel-firmware.noarch                            1.3-24.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
attr.x86_64                                      2.5.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
audacity.x86_64                                  3.0.2-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
audit.x86_64                                     3.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
audit-libs.x86_64                                3.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
augeas-libs.x86_64                               1.12.1-0.1.git18558bb.fc34             @updates                                       
authselect.x86_64                                1.2.3-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
authselect-compat.x86_64                         1.2.3-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
authselect-libs.x86_64                           1.2.3-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
autoconf.noarch                                  2.69-36.fc34                           @fedora                                        
autocorr-en.noarch                               1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
automake.noarch                                  1.16.2-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
avahi.x86_64                                     0.8-14.fc34                            @updates                                       
avahi-glib.x86_64                                0.8-14.fc34                            @updates                                       
avahi-libs.x86_64                                0.8-14.fc34                            @updates                                       
azote.noarch                                     1.9.1-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
b43-fwcutter.x86_64                              019-19.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
b43-openfwwf.noarch                              5.2-26.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
babl.x86_64                                      0.1.86-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
baloo-widgets.x86_64                             21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
baobab.x86_64                                    40.0-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
basesystem.noarch                                11-11.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
bash.x86_64                                      5.1.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
bash-completion.noarch                           1:2.11-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
bc.x86_64                                        1.07.1-12.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
bcache-tools.x86_64                              1.1-0.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
biber.noarch                                     2.14-6.fc34                            @updates                                       
bind-libs.x86_64                                 32:9.16.20-3.fc34                      @updates                                       
bind-license.noarch                              32:9.16.20-3.fc34                      @updates                                       
bind-utils.x86_64                                32:9.16.20-3.fc34                      @updates                                       
binutils.x86_64                                  2.35.2-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
binutils-gold.x86_64                             2.35.2-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
blivet-data.noarch                               1:3.3.3-3.fc34                         @updates                                       
blivet-gui-runtime.noarch                        2.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
bluedevil.x86_64                                 5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
bluez.x86_64                                     5.61-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
bluez-cups.x86_64                                5.61-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
bluez-libs.x86_64                                5.61-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
bluez-obexd.x86_64                               5.61-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
bolt.x86_64                                      0.9.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
boost-chrono.x86_64                              1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-date-time.x86_64                           1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-filesystem.x86_64                          1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-iostreams.x86_64                           1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-locale.x86_64                              1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-program-options.x86_64                     1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-regex.x86_64                               1.75.0-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
boost-system.x86_64                              1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
boost-thread.x86_64                              1.75.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
brave-browser.x86_64                             1.29.79-1                              @brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com_x86_64_
brave-keyring.noarch                             1.9-1                                  @brave-browser-rpm-release.s3.brave.com_x86_64_
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                       5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                         5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                           5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                           5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                           5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
brightlight.x86_64                               8-4.fc34                               @anaconda                                      
brotli.x86_64                                    1.0.9-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
brotli-devel.x86_64                              1.0.9-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
btrfs-progs.x86_64                               5.13.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
bubblewrap.x86_64                                0.4.1-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
bzip2.x86_64                                     1.0.8-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
bzip2-devel.x86_64                               1.0.8-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                1.0.8-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
c-ares.x86_64                                    1.17.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ca-certificates.noarch                           2021.2.50-1.0.fc34                     @updates                                       
cabextract.x86_64                                1.9-6.fc34                             @fedora                                        
caca-utils.x86_64                                0.99-0.53.beta19.fc34                  @fedora                                        
cairo.x86_64                                     1.17.4-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
cairo-devel.x86_64                               1.17.4-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
cairo-gobject.x86_64                             1.17.4-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                       1.17.4-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
cairomm.x86_64                                   1.14.2-8.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
catdoc.x86_64                                    0.95-10.fc34                           @fedora                                        
catimg.x86_64                                    2.7.0-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                           10.2-37.fc34                           @updates                                       
checkpolicy.x86_64                               3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
cheese-libs.x86_64                               2:3.38.0-5.fc34                        @updates                                       
chkconfig.x86_64                                 1.15-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
chmlib.x86_64                                    0.40-24.fc34                           @fedora                                        
chrony.x86_64                                    4.1-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
cifs-utils.x86_64                                6.11-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
cifs-utils-info.x86_64                           6.11-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                     1:39-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                 1:39-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
cloudflare-release.noarch                        3.0.0-el8                              @System                                        
cloudflare-warp.x86_64                           2021.8.1-1                             @cloudflare                                    
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                      2.3.3.4-40.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc34    @fedora                                        
clucene-core.x86_64                              2.3.3.4-40.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc34    @fedora                                        
clutter.x86_64                                   1.26.4-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
clutter-gst3.x86_64                              3.0.27-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
clutter-gtk.x86_64                               1.8.4-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
cmake.x86_64                                     3.20.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
cmake-data.noarch                                3.20.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                          3.20.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                          3.20.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
cmus.x86_64                                      2.9.1-2.fc34                           @rpmfusion-free                                
code.x86_64                                      1.60.0-1630494372.el7                  @code                                          
cogl.x86_64                                      1.22.8-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
color-filesystem.noarch                          1-26.fc34                              @anaconda                                      
colord.x86_64                                    1.4.5-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
colord-gtk.x86_64                                0.2.0-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
colord-kde.x86_64                                0.5.0-14.fc34                          @fedora                                        
colord-libs.x86_64                               1.4.5-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
compat-readline5.x86_64                          5.2-39.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
comps-extras.noarch                              24-9.fc34                              @fedora                                        
compsize.x86_64                                  1.5-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
conky.x86_64                                     1.12.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                          4.0-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
coreutils.x86_64                                 8.32-30.fc34                           @updates                                       
coreutils-common.x86_64                          8.32-30.fc34                           @updates                                       
corosynclib.x86_64                               3.1.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
cpio.x86_64                                      2.13-10.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
cpp.x86_64                                       11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
cracklib.x86_64                                  2.9.6-27.fc34                          @updates                                       
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                            2.9.6-27.fc34                          @updates                                       
createrepo_c.x86_64                              0.17.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                         0.17.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
cronie.x86_64                                    1.5.7-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
cronie-anacron.x86_64                            1.5.7-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
crontabs.noarch                                  1.11-24.20190603git.fc34               @anaconda                                      
crypto-policies.noarch                           20210213-1.git5c710c0.fc34             @anaconda                                      
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                   20210213-1.git5c710c0.fc34             @anaconda                                      
cryptsetup.x86_64                                2.3.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                           2.3.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
ctags.x86_64                                     5.8-31.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
cups.x86_64                                      1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                      @updates                                       
cups-client.x86_64                               1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                      @updates                                       
cups-filesystem.noarch                           1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                      @updates                                       
cups-filters.x86_64                              1.28.9-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                         1.28.9-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
cups-ipptool.x86_64                              1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                      @updates                                       
cups-libs.x86_64                                 1:2.3.3op2-7.fc34                      @updates                                       
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                            0.2.6-12.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
curl.x86_64                                      7.76.1-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                         2.1.27-8.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                            2.1.27-8.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                            2.1.27-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                          2.1.27-8.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                          2.1.27-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
daxctl-libs.x86_64                               71.1-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
dbus.x86_64                                      1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
dbus-broker.x86_64                               29-2.fc34                              @updates                                       
dbus-common.noarch                               1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
dbus-daemon.x86_64                               1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
dbus-devel.x86_64                                1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @fedora                                        
dbus-glib.x86_64                                 0.110-11.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
dbus-libs.x86_64                                 1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
dbus-tools.x86_64                                1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
dbus-x11.x86_64                                  1:1.12.20-3.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
dbusmenu-qt.x86_64                               0.9.3-0.26.20160218.fc34               @fedora                                        
dbusmenu-qt5.x86_64                              0.9.3-0.26.20160218.fc34               @fedora                                        
dconf.x86_64                                     0.40.0-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                         2.37-16.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                    2.37-16.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                        2.37-16.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
deltarpm.x86_64                                  3.6.2-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                34.0.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                        0.26-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
device-mapper.x86_64                             1.02.175-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-event.x86_64                       1.02.175-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                  1.02.175-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                        1.02.175-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                   0.8.5-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64              0.8.5-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64             0.9.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dex-autostart.noarch                             0.9.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dhcp-client.x86_64                               12:4.4.2-11.b1.fc34                    @updates                                       
dhcp-common.noarch                               12:4.4.2-11.b1.fc34                    @updates                                       
diffutils.x86_64                                 3.7-8.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
djvulibre-libs.x86_64                            3.5.27-30.fc34                         @updates                                       
dlm-lib.x86_64                                   4.0.9-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
dmenu.x86_64                                     5.0-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
dmidecode.x86_64                                 1:3.2-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dmraid.x86_64                                    1.0.0.rc16-50.fc34                     @anaconda                                      
dmraid-events.x86_64                             1.0.0.rc16-50.fc34                     @anaconda                                      
dmraid-libs.x86_64                               1.0.0.rc16-50.fc34                     @anaconda                                      
dnf.noarch                                       4.8.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
dnf-data.noarch                                  4.8.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                          4.0.22-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
dnfdaemon.noarch                                 0.3.20-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
dnfdaemon-selinux.noarch                         0.3.20-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
dnfdragora.noarch                                2.1.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
dnsmasq.x86_64                                   2.85-3.fc34                            @updates                                       
docbook-dtds.noarch                              1.0-77.fc34                            @fedora                                        
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                         1.79.2-14.fc34                         @fedora                                        
dolphin.x86_64                                   21.08.0-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
dolphin-libs.x86_64                              21.08.0-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
dolphin-plugins.x86_64                           21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
dos2unix.x86_64                                  7.4.2-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dosfstools.x86_64                                4.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
dotconf.x86_64                                   1.3-26.fc34                            @fedora                                        
dracut.x86_64                                    055-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                      055-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
dracut-live.x86_64                               055-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
dracut-network.x86_64                            055-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
dracut-squash.x86_64                             055-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
drpm.x86_64                                      0.5.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dunst.x86_64                                     1.6.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
dwz.x86_64                                       0.14-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                 1.45.6-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                            1.45.6-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ebook-tools-libs.x86_64                          0.2.2-20.fc34                          @fedora                                        
ed.x86_64                                        1.14.2-10.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
editorconfig-libs.x86_64                         0.12.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
efi-filesystem.noarch                            5-4.fc34                               @updates                                       
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                           5-4.fc34                               @updates                                       
efibootmgr.x86_64                                16-10.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
efivar-libs.x86_64                               37-15.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
elfutils.x86_64                                  0.185-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                0.185-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch               0.185-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                           0.185-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
elfutils-libs.x86_64                             0.185-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
emacs-filesystem.noarch                          1:27.2-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
enchant.x86_64                                   1:1.6.0-27.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
enchant2.x86_64                                  2.2.15-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
epstool.x86_64                                   3.08-21.fc34                           @fedora                                        
esmtp.x86_64                                     1.2-17.fc34                            @fedora                                        
espeak-ng.x86_64                                 1.50-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
ethtool.x86_64                                   2:5.13-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
evolution-data-server.x86_64                     3.40.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch           3.40.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
exempi.x86_64                                    2.5.1-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
exfatprogs.x86_64                                1.1.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
exiv2.x86_64                                     0.27.3-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                0.27.3-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
exo.x86_64                                       4.16.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
expat.x86_64                                     2.4.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
f2fs-tools.x86_64                                1.14.0-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
f34-backgrounds-base.noarch                      34.0.1-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
f34-backgrounds-kde.noarch                       34.0.1-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
faad2-libs.x86_64                                1:2.9.2-4.fc34                         @rpmfusion-free                                
farstream02.x86_64                               0.2.9-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
fatresize.x86_64                                 1.1.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                              2.0.0-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                           34-2                                   @updates                                       
fedora-logos.noarch                              34.0.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
fedora-release.noarch                            34-36                                  @updates                                       
fedora-release-common.noarch                     34-36                                  @updates                                       
fedora-release-identity-basic.noarch             34-36                                  @updates                                       
fedora-repos.noarch                              34-2                                   @updates                                       
fedora-repos-modular.noarch                      34-2                                   @updates                                       
feh.x86_64                                       3.6.3-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
ffmpeg.x86_64                                    4.4-6.fc34                             @rpmfusion-free-updates                        
ffmpeg-libs.x86_64                               4.4-6.fc34                             @rpmfusion-free-updates                        
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                          3.3.8-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                          3.3.8-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
file.x86_64                                      5.39-6.fc34                            @updates                                       
file-libs.x86_64                                 5.39-6.fc34                            @updates                                       
filesystem.x86_64                                3.14-5.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
findutils.x86_64                                 1:4.8.0-2.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
firebird.x86_64                                  3.0.7.33374-3.fc34                     @fedora                                        
firebird-utils.x86_64                            3.0.7.33374-3.fc34                     @fedora                                        
firewall-config.noarch                           0.9.4-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
firewalld.noarch                                 0.9.4-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                      0.9.4-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
flac-libs.x86_64                                 1.3.3-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
flashrom.x86_64                                  1.2-6.fc34                             @fedora                                        
flatpak.x86_64                                   1.10.2-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
flatpak-libs.x86_64                              1.10.2-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
flatpak-selinux.noarch                           1.10.2-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                    1.10.2-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
flexiblas.x86_64                                 3.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
flexiblas-devel.x86_64                           3.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                          3.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
flexiblas-netlib64.x86_64                        3.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                 3.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.x86_64               3.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
fltk.x86_64                                      1.3.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
flute.noarch                                     1.3.0-25.OOo31.fc34                    @fedora                                        
fluxbox.x86_64                                   1.3.7-17.fc34                          @fedora                                        
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                         1:4.7.0-11.fc34                        @fedora                                        
fontconfig.x86_64                                2.13.94-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                          2.13.94-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
fonts-filesystem.noarch                          1:2.0.5-5.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                         1:2.0.5-5.fc34                         @fedora                                        
foomatic.x86_64                                  4.0.13-17.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
foomatic-db.noarch                               4.0-70.20210209.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                    4.0-70.20210209.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                          4.0-70.20210209.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
fpaste.noarch                                    0.4.2.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
fpc-srpm-macros.noarch                           1.3-3.fc34                             @fedora                                        
fprintd.x86_64                                   1.90.9-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
fprintd-pam.x86_64                               1.90.9-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
freeglut.x86_64                                  3.2.1-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
freerdp-libs.x86_64                              2:2.3.2-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
freetype.x86_64                                  2.10.4-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
freetype-devel.x86_64                            2.10.4-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
fribidi.x86_64                                   1.0.10-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
fribidi-devel.x86_64                             1.0.10-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
fstrm.x86_64                                     0.6.1-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
fuse.x86_64                                      2.9.9-11.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
fuse-common.x86_64                               3.10.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
fuse-libs.x86_64                                 2.9.9-11.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                3.10.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
fwupd.x86_64                                     1.5.12-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                     1.5.12-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.x86_64                1.5.12-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.x86_64            1.5.12-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
garcon.x86_64                                    4.16.1-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gawk.x86_64                                      5.1.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                        5.1.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gc.x86_64                                        8.0.4-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gcc.x86_64                                       11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gcc-c++.x86_64                                   11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                            11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                              11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gcr.x86_64                                       3.40.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gcr-base.x86_64                                  3.40.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gd.x86_64                                        2.3.2-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
gdb.x86_64                                       10.2-3.fc34                            @updates                                       
gdb-headless.x86_64                              10.2-3.fc34                            @updates                                       
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                 1:1.19-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gdisk.x86_64                                     1.0.8-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                               2.42.6-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                         2.42.6-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                       2.42.6-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.x86_64                          2.40.2-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
gdm.x86_64                                       1:40.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                     10.24-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gegl04.x86_64                                    0.4.30-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
geoclue2.x86_64                                  2.5.7-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                             2.5.7-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
geocode-glib.x86_64                              3.26.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
geolite2-city.noarch                             20191217-4.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
geolite2-country.noarch                          20191217-4.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
gettext.x86_64                                   0.21-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
gettext-libs.x86_64                              0.21-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                3.4.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                           1.5.0-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
ghostscript.x86_64                               9.53.3-6.fc34                          @updates                                       
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                   9.53.3-6.fc34                          @updates                                       
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                9.53.3-6.fc34                          @updates                                       
giflib.x86_64                                    5.2.1-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gimp.x86_64                                      2:2.10.24-1.fc34                       @fedora                                        
gimp-libs.x86_64                                 2:2.10.24-1.fc34                       @fedora                                        
girara.x86_64                                    0.3.5-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
git.x86_64                                       2.31.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
git-core.x86_64                                  2.31.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
git-core-doc.noarch                              2.31.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
gjs.x86_64                                       1.68.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gl-manpages.noarch                               1.1-22.20190306.fc34                   @fedora                                        
gl2ps.x86_64                                     1.4.2-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
glib-networking.x86_64                           2.68.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
glib2.x86_64                                     2.68.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
glib2-devel.x86_64                               2.68.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
glibc.x86_64                                     2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                       2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibc-common.x86_64                              2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibc-devel.x86_64                               2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibc-doc.noarch                                 2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibc-headers-x86.noarch                         2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                         2.33-20.fc34                           @updates                                       
glibmm24.x86_64                                  2.66.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
glpk.x86_64                                      5.0-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
glx-utils.x86_64                                 8.4.0-9.20181118git1830dcb.fc34        @anaconda                                      
glyphography-newscycle-fonts.noarch              0.5.2-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
gmp.x86_64                                       1:6.2.0-6.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
gnat-srpm-macros.noarch                          4-13.fc34                              @fedora                                        
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                1.4.0-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
gnome-autoar.x86_64                              0.3.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                           1:3.34.5-1.fc34                        @fedora                                        
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                      1:3.34.5-1.fc34                        @fedora                                        
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                       3.36.0-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
gnome-control-center.x86_64                      40.0-9.fc34                            @fedora                                        
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch           40.0-9.fc34                            @fedora                                        
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                            40.4-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                        40.2-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
gnome-icon-theme.noarch                          3.12.0-15.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
gnome-keyring.x86_64                             40.0-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                         40.0-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                     3.40.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                      40.1-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
gnome-session.x86_64                             40.1.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64             40.1.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                    40.1.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                     40.0.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gnome-shell.x86_64                               40.4-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                        3.28-12.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gnome-tour.x86_64                                40.0-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
gnupg2.x86_64                                    2.2.27-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                              2.2.27-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gnuplot.x86_64                                   5.2.8-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
gnuplot-common.x86_64                            5.2.8-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
gnutls.x86_64                                    3.7.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
go-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.0.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gobject-introspection.x86_64                     1.68.0-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                      1.103-0.16.20130920.fc34               @fedora                                        
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                   20200215-9.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch              20201206-2.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch             20200916-2.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                  20201206-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch            20201206-2.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                    20201206-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch           20201206-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch               20201206-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch         20201206-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
gparted.x86_64                                   1.3.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
gperftools-libs.x86_64                           2.9.1-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
gpgme.x86_64                                     1.15.1-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
gpgmepp.x86_64                                   1.15.1-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
gpm-libs.x86_64                                  1.20.7-26.fc34                         @fedora                                        
gpsd-libs.x86_64                                 1:3.22-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
grantlee-editor.x86_64                           20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
grantlee-editor-libs.x86_64                      20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
grantlee-qt5.x86_64                              5.2.0-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
graphene.x86_64                                  1.10.6-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
graphite2.x86_64                                 1.3.14-7.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
graphite2-devel.x86_64                           1.3.14-7.fc34                          @fedora                                        
graphviz.x86_64                                  2.44.0-18.fc34                         @updates                                       
grep.x86_64                                      3.6-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
groff-base.x86_64                                1.22.4-7.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
grub2-common.noarch                              1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                            1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                     1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                             1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                      1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-pc.x86_64                                  1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                          1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-tools.x86_64                               1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                           1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                         1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                       1:2.06-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
grubby.x86_64                                    8.40-51.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                 40.0-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
gsl.x86_64                                       2.6-4.fc34                             @fedora                                        
gsm.x86_64                                       1.0.19-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
gsound.x86_64                                    1.0.2-13.fc34                          @fedora                                        
gssdp.x86_64                                     1.2.3-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gssproxy.x86_64                                  0.8.4-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gst-editing-services.x86_64                      1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1.x86_64                                1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64               1.19.1-3.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                   1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                   1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64               1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.x86_64                1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64              1.19.1-2.1.18.4.fc34                   @updates                                       
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                     3.24.30-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
gtk2.x86_64                                      2.24.33-4.fc34                         @fedora                                        
gtk2-engines.x86_64                              2.20.2-22.fc34                         @fedora                                        
gtk3.x86_64                                      3.24.30-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                3.24.30-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                         3.24.30-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
gtk4.x86_64                                      4.2.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
gtkmm30.x86_64                                   3.24.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gtksourceview3.x86_64                            3.24.11-5.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
gtkspell.x86_64                                  2.0.16-23.fc34                         @fedora                                        
gts.x86_64                                       0.7.6-39.20121130.fc34                 @fedora                                        
guile.x86_64                                     5:2.0.14-24.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
guile22.x86_64                                   2.2.7-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gumbo-parser.x86_64                              1:0.10.1-20.fc34                       @fedora                                        
gupnp.x86_64                                     1.2.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
gupnp-av.x86_64                                  0.12.11-5.fc34                         @fedora                                        
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                0.10.5-14.fc34                         @fedora                                        
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                 1.2.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
gutenprint.x86_64                                5.3.4-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                           5.3.4-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                           5.3.4-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
gvfs.x86_64                                      1.48.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gvfs-client.x86_64                               1.48.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
gwenview.x86_64                                  1:21.04.1-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
gwenview-libs.x86_64                             1:21.04.1-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
gzip.x86_64                                      1.10-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
harfbuzz.x86_64                                  2.7.4-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                            2.7.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                              2.7.4-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
hdf5.x86_64                                      1.10.6-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
hdparm.x86_64                                    9.60-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
hfsplus-tools.x86_64                             540.1.linux3-23.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
hfsutils.x86_64                                  3.2.6-41.fc34                          @fedora                                        
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                        0.17-10.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                   3.28-12.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
hostname.x86_64                                  3.23-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
hplip.x86_64                                     3.21.2-11.fc34                         @updates                                       
hplip-common.x86_64                              3.21.2-11.fc34                         @updates                                       
hplip-libs.x86_64                                3.21.2-11.fc34                         @updates                                       
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                          1:1.001-4.20200428git336a529.fc34      @fedora                                        
htop.x86_64                                      3.0.5-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
http-parser.x86_64                               2.9.4-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
hunspell.x86_64                                  1.7.0-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
hunspell-en.noarch                               0.20140811.1-18.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                            0.20140811.1-18.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
hunspell-en-US.noarch                            0.20140811.1-18.fc34                   @anaconda                                      
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                       1.7.0-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
hwdata.noarch                                    0.351-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
hyphen.x86_64                                    2.8.8-15.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
hyphen-en.noarch                                 2.8.8-15.fc34                          @fedora                                        
i3-gaps.x86_64                                   4.19.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
i3status.x86_64                                  2.13-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ibus.x86_64                                      1.5.24-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                1.5.12-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                         1.5.12-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-cangjie.noarch                              2.4-22.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ibus-cangjie-engine-cangjie.noarch               2.4-22.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                 1.5.24-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                 1.5.24-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-hangul.x86_64                               1.5.4-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                            1.12.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ibus-libs.x86_64                                 1.5.24-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                            1.10.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                 1.4.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
ibus-setup.noarch                                1.5.24-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                       2.14.10-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
iceauth.x86_64                                   1.0.8-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                          3.1-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
im-chooser.x86_64                                1.7.3-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
im-chooser-common.x86_64                         1.7.3-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
im-chooser-xfce.x86_64                           1.7.3-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                             1.3.2-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
imlib2.x86_64                                    1.6.1-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
imsettings.x86_64                                1.8.2-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
imsettings-libs.x86_64                           1.8.2-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
imsettings-xfce.x86_64                           1.8.2-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
info.x86_64                                      6.7-10.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
inih.x86_64                                      49-3.fc34                              @anaconda                                      
initial-setup.x86_64                             0.3.90-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                         0.3.90-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
initscripts.x86_64                               10.09-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
intel-mediasdk.x86_64                            21.1.3-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
ipcalc.x86_64                                    1.0.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
iproute.x86_64                                   5.10.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
iproute-tc.x86_64                                5.10.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ipset.x86_64                                     7.11-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ipset-libs.x86_64                                7.11-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
iptables-compat.x86_64                           1.8.7-8.fc34                           @updates                                       
iptables-legacy.x86_64                           1.8.7-8.fc34                           @updates                                       
iptables-legacy-libs.x86_64                      1.8.7-8.fc34                           @updates                                       
iptables-libs.x86_64                             1.8.7-8.fc34                           @updates                                       
iptables-nft.x86_64                              1.8.7-8.fc34                           @updates                                       
iptables-utils.x86_64                            1.8.7-8.fc34                           @updates                                       
iptstate.x86_64                                  2.2.6-12.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
iputils.x86_64                                   20210202-2.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
ipw2100-firmware.noarch                          1.3-28.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ipw2200-firmware.noarch                          3.1-21.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
irqbalance.x86_64                                2:1.7.0-5.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                     6.2.1.2-5.gita8fcb37.fc34              @anaconda                                      
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64            6.2.1.2-5.gita8fcb37.fc34              @anaconda                                      
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                           0.100-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
iso-codes.noarch                                 4.6.0-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
isomd5sum.x86_64                                 1:1.2.3-12.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
iw.x86_64                                        5.9-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
iwl100-firmware.noarch                           39.31.5.1-122.fc34                     @updates                                       
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                          1:39.31.5.1-122.fc34                   @updates                                       
iwl105-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl135-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                          18.168.6.1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                          18.168.6.1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                          1:25.30.13.0-122.fc34                  @updates                                       
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                          15.32.2.9-122.fc34                     @updates                                       
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                          228.61.2.24-122.fc34                   @updates                                       
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                          8.83.5.1_1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                          8.24.2.2-122.fc34                      @updates                                       
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                          9.221.4.1-122.fc34                     @updates                                       
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                       18.168.6.1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                       18.168.6.1-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                          41.28.5.1-122.fc34                     @updates                                       
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                          1:25.30.13.0-122.fc34                  @updates                                       
jansson.x86_64                                   2.13.1-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
jasper-libs.x86_64                               2.0.33-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                           1:11.0.12.0.7-4.fc34                   @updates                                       
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                     1:11.0.12.0.7-4.fc34                   @updates                                       
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                  1:11.0.12.0.7-4.fc34                   @updates                                       
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                   5.3.0-15.fc34                          @fedora                                        
javapackages-tools.noarch                        5.3.0-15.fc34                          @fedora                                        
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                             0.19-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                              2.1-21.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
jfsutils.x86_64                                  1.1.15-19.fc34                         @fedora                                        
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                           0.003-32.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
js-jquery.noarch                                 3.5.0-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
json-c.x86_64                                    0.14-8.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
json-glib.x86_64                                 1.6.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
jsoncpp.x86_64                                   1.9.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch               1:7.210-4.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
jwhois.x86_64                                    4.0-64.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
jxl-pixbuf-loader.x86_64                         0.5-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
kaccounts-integration.x86_64                     21.04.1-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
kaccounts-providers.x86_64                       21.04.1-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
kactivitymanagerd.x86_64                         5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kaddressbook.x86_64                              20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kaddressbook-libs.x86_64                         20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kamera.x86_64                                    21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kasumi-common.noarch                             2.5-34.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                            2.5-34.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
kbd.x86_64                                       2.4.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
kbd-misc.noarch                                  2.4.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
kcalc.x86_64                                     20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kcharselect.x86_64                               20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kcolorchooser.x86_64                             21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kcolorpicker.x86_64                              0.1.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
kde-cli-tools.x86_64                             5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kde-filesystem.x86_64                            4-65.fc34                              @fedora                                        
kde-gtk-config.x86_64                            5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
kde-partitionmanager.x86_64                      20.12.3-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kde-print-manager.x86_64                         20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kde-print-manager-libs.x86_64                    20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kde-settings.noarch                              34.7-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                       34.7-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                   34.7-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
kdecoration.x86_64                               5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kdegraphics-mobipocket.x86_64                    21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.x86_64                  21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kdepim-addons.x86_64                             20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kdepim-runtime.x86_64                            1:20.12.2-1.fc34                       @fedora                                        
kdepim-runtime-libs.x86_64                       1:20.12.2-1.fc34                       @fedora                                        
kdeplasma-addons.x86_64                          5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kdesu.x86_64                                     1:5.22.4-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kdiagram.x86_64                                  2.8.0-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
kdialog.x86_64                                   21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kdnssd.x86_64                                    21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kdsoap.x86_64                                    1.10.0-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                      006-2.20201128git4ba507e.fc34          @anaconda                                      
keditbookmarks.x86_64                            21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
keditbookmarks-libs.x86_64                       21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
keepassxc.x86_64                                 2.6.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
kernel.x86_64                                    5.13.6-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel.x86_64                                    5.13.9-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel.x86_64                                    5.13.14-200.fc34                       @updates                                       
kernel-core.x86_64                               5.13.6-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-core.x86_64                               5.13.9-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-core.x86_64                               5.13.14-200.fc34                       @updates                                       
kernel-headers.x86_64                            5.13.3-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-modules.x86_64                            5.13.6-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-modules.x86_64                            5.13.9-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-modules.x86_64                            5.13.14-200.fc34                       @updates                                       
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                      5.13.6-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                      5.13.9-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                      5.13.14-200.fc34                       @updates                                       
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                        1.0-4.fc34                             @fedora                                        
kernel-tools.x86_64                              5.13.6-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                         5.13.6-200.fc34                        @updates                                       
kexec-tools.x86_64                               2.0.21-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
keybinder3.x86_64                                0.3.2-11.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
keyutils.x86_64                                  1.6.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
keyutils-libs.x86_64                             1.6.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
kf5-akonadi-calendar.x86_64                      20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-akonadi-contacts.x86_64                      20.12.2-3.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-akonadi-mime.x86_64                          20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-akonadi-notes.x86_64                         20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-akonadi-search.x86_64                        20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-akonadi-server.x86_64                        20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-akonadi-server-mysql.x86_64                  20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-attica.x86_64                                5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-baloo.x86_64                                 5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-baloo-file.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-baloo-libs.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-bluez-qt.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-calendarsupport.x86_64                       20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-eventviews.x86_64                            20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-filesystem.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-frameworkintegration.x86_64                  5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.x86_64             5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-grantleetheme.x86_64                         20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-incidenceeditor.x86_64                       20.12.2-3.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kactivities.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kactivities-stats.x86_64                     5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kalarmcal.x86_64                             20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-karchive.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kauth.x86_64                                 5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kbookmarks.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kcalendarcore.x86_64                         1:5.85.0-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kf5-kcalendarutils.x86_64                        20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kcmutils.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kcodecs.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kcompletion.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kconfig-core.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kconfig-gui.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kconfigwidgets.x86_64                        5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kcontacts.x86_64                             1:5.85.0-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kf5-kcoreaddons.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kcrash.x86_64                                5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdav.x86_64                                  1:5.85.0-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kf5-kdbusaddons.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdeclarative.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kded.x86_64                                  5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdelibs4support.x86_64                       5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdelibs4support-libs.x86_64                  5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdesu.x86_64                                 5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdnssd.x86_64                                5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kdoctools.x86_64                             5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kfilemetadata.x86_64                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kglobalaccel.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.x86_64                     5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kguiaddons.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kholidays.x86_64                             1:5.85.0-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kf5-khtml.x86_64                                 5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-ki18n.x86_64                                 5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kiconthemes.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kidentitymanagement.x86_64                   20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kidletime.x86_64                             5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kimageformats.x86_64                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kimap.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kinit.x86_64                                 5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-core.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-core-libs.x86_64                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-file-widgets.x86_64                      5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-gui.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-ntlm.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-widgets.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.x86_64                      5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kipi-plugins.x86_64                          21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kf5-kipi-plugins-libs.x86_64                     21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kf5-kirigami2.x86_64                             5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kitemmodels.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kitemviews.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kitinerary.x86_64                            20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kjobwidgets.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kjs.x86_64                                   5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kldap.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kmailtransport.x86_64                        20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kmailtransport-akonadi.x86_64                20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kmbox.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kmime.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-knewstuff.x86_64                             5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-knotifications.x86_64                        5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-knotifyconfig.x86_64                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kontactinterface.x86_64                      20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kpackage.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kparts.x86_64                                5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kpeople.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kpimtextedit.x86_64                          20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kpkpass.x86_64                               20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kpty.x86_64                                  5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kquickcharts.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kross-core.x86_64                            5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-krunner.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kservice.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-ksmtp.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-ktexteditor.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-ktextwidgets.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-ktnef.x86_64                                 20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-kunitconversion.x86_64                       5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kwallet.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kwallet-libs.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kwayland.x86_64                              5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.x86_64                        5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kwindowsystem.x86_64                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kxmlgui.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-kxmlrpcclient.x86_64                         5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-libgravatar.x86_64                           20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-libkdcraw.x86_64                             21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kf5-libkdepim.x86_64                             20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-libkexiv2.x86_64                             21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kf5-libkipi.x86_64                               21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kf5-libkleo.x86_64                               20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-libksieve.x86_64                             20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-libktorrent.x86_64                           21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kf5-mailcommon.x86_64                            20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-mailimporter.x86_64                          20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-mailimporter-akonadi.x86_64                  20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-messagelib.x86_64                            20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-modemmanager-qt.x86_64                       5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-networkmanager-qt.x86_64                     5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-pimcommon.x86_64                             20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-pimcommon-akonadi.x86_64                     20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kf5-plasma.x86_64                                5.85.0-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-prison.x86_64                                5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-purpose.x86_64                               5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-solid.x86_64                                 5.85.0-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-sonnet-core.x86_64                           5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-sonnet-ui.x86_64                             5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-syndication.x86_64                           1:5.85.0-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kf5-syntax-highlighting.x86_64                   5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kf5-threadweaver.x86_64                          5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kfind.x86_64                                     21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kget.x86_64                                      21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kget-libs.x86_64                                 21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kgpg.x86_64                                      20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
khelpcenter.x86_64                               1:21.08.0-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                     5.0-32.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
khotkeys.x86_64                                  5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kimageannotator.x86_64                           0.5.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
kinfocenter.x86_64                               5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kio-extras.x86_64                                21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kio-fuse.x86_64                                  5.0.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
kmag.x86_64                                      20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kmail.x86_64                                     20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kmail-account-wizard.x86_64                      20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kmail-libs.x86_64                                20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kmenuedit.x86_64                                 5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kmod.x86_64                                      29-2.fc34                              @updates                                       
kmod-libs.x86_64                                 29-2.fc34                              @updates                                       
kmousetool.x86_64                                20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kmouth.x86_64                                    20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
konsole5.x86_64                                  21.08.0-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
konsole5-part.x86_64                             21.08.0-2.fc34                         @updates                                       
kontact.x86_64                                   20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kontact-libs.x86_64                              20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
korganizer.x86_64                                20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
korganizer-libs.x86_64                           20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kpartx.x86_64                                    0.8.5-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
kpmcore.x86_64                                   20.12.3-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
krb5-libs.x86_64                                 1.19.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
kruler.x86_64                                    21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kscreen.x86_64                                   1:5.22.4-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
kscreenlocker.x86_64                             5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ksshaskpass.x86_64                               5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ksystemstats.x86_64                              5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kuserfeedback.x86_64                             1.0.0-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
kwalletmanager5.x86_64                           20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
kwayland-integration.x86_64                      5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwayland-server.x86_64                           5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwin.x86_64                                      5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwin-common.x86_64                               5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwin-libs.x86_64                                 5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwin-wayland.x86_64                              5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwin-x11.x86_64                                  5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
kwrite.x86_64                                    21.08.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
kwrited.x86_64                                   5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ladspa.x86_64                                    1.13-26.fc34                           @fedora                                        
lame-libs.x86_64                                 3.100-10.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
langpacks-core-en.noarch                         3.0-14.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                    3.0-14.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
langpacks-en.noarch                              3.0-14.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
langtable.noarch                                 0.0.56-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
lasi.x86_64                                      1.1.3-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
latexmk.noarch                                   4.74b-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
lato-fonts.noarch                                2.015-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
layer-shell-qt.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
lcms2.x86_64                                     2.12-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ldns.x86_64                                      1.7.1-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
less.x86_64                                      581.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libGLEW.x86_64                                   2.1.0-9.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libICE.x86_64                                    1.0.10-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libRmath.x86_64                                  4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libRmath-devel.x86_64                            4.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libSM.x86_64                                     1.2.3-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libX11.x86_64                                    1.7.2-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
libX11-common.noarch                             1.7.2-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
libX11-devel.x86_64                              1.7.2-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                1.7.2-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                             1.2.3-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXau.x86_64                                    1.0.9-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXau-devel.x86_64                              1.0.9-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXaw.x86_64                                    1.0.13-17.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libXcomposite.x86_64                             0.4.5-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                       0.4.5-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXcursor.x86_64                                1.2.0-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                          1.2.0-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXdamage.x86_64                                1.1.5-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                          1.1.5-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXdmcp.x86_64                                  1.1.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXext.x86_64                                   1.3.4-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXext-devel.x86_64                             1.3.4-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXfixes.x86_64                                 6.0.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                           6.0.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libXfont2.x86_64                                 2.0.3-10.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libXft.x86_64                                    2.3.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXft-devel.x86_64                              2.3.3-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXi.x86_64                                     1.7.10-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libXi-devel.x86_64                               1.7.10-6.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libXinerama.x86_64                               1.1.4-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                         1.1.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXmu.x86_64                                    1.1.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXpm.x86_64                                    3.5.13-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libXrandr.x86_64                                 1.5.2-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                           1.5.2-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libXrender.x86_64                                0.9.10-14.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libXrender-devel.x86_64                          0.9.10-14.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libXres.x86_64                                   1.2.0-12.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libXt.x86_64                                     1.2.0-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXtst.x86_64                                   1.2.3-14.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libXtst-devel.x86_64                             1.2.3-14.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libXv.x86_64                                     1.0.11-14.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libXvMC.x86_64                                   1.0.12-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libXxf86dga.x86_64                               1.1.5-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                1.1.4-16.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
liba52.x86_64                                    0.7.4-40.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libabw.x86_64                                    0.1.3-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libaccounts-glib.x86_64                          1.25-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libaccounts-qt5.x86_64                           1.16-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libacl.x86_64                                    2.3.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libaec.x86_64                                    1.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libaio.x86_64                                    0.3.111-11.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libao.x86_64                                     1.2.0-20.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libaom.x86_64                                    3.1.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libappindicator.x86_64                           12.10.0-30.fc34                        @fedora                                        
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                      12.10.0-30.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libappstream-glib.x86_64                         0.7.18-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libarchive.x86_64                                3.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libargon2.x86_64                                 20171227-6.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libart_lgpl.x86_64                               2.3.21-25.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libass.x86_64                                    0.14.0-7.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libassuan.x86_64                                 2.5.5-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libasyncns.x86_64                                0.8-20.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libatasmart.x86_64                               0.19-20.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libattr.x86_64                                   2.5.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libavdevice.x86_64                               4.4-6.fc34                             @rpmfusion-free-updates                        
libavif.x86_64                                   0.9.0-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libbabeltrace.x86_64                             1.5.8-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libbase.noarch                                   1.1.3-29.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libbasicobjects.x86_64                           0.1.1-47.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libblkid.x86_64                                  2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libblkid-devel.x86_64                            2.36.2-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libblockdev.x86_64                               2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-btrfs.x86_64                         2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                        2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                            2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                            2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                           2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                          2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                           2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                        2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                         2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                        2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-part.x86_64                          2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                   2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                          2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                         2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libbluray.x86_64                                 1.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libbrotli.x86_64                                 1.0.9-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libbsd.x86_64                                    0.10.0-7.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libbytesize.x86_64                               2.6-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
libcaca.x86_64                                   0.99-0.53.beta19.fc34                  @fedora                                        
libcanberra.x86_64                               0.30-24.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                          0.30-24.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                          0.30-24.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libcangjie.x86_64                                1.3-15.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libcangjie-data.noarch                           1.3-15.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libcap.x86_64                                    2.48-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libcap-ng.x86_64                                 0.8.2-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libcbor.x86_64                                   0.7.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libcdio.x86_64                                   2.1.0-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                          10.2+2.0.1-4.fc34                      @fedora                                        
libcdr.x86_64                                    0.1.7-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libcerf.x86_64                                   1.14-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libcloudproviders.x86_64                         0.3.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libcloudproviders-devel.x86_64                   0.3.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libcmis.x86_64                                   0.5.2-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libcollection.x86_64                             0.7.0-47.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libcom_err.x86_64                                1.45.6-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libcomps.x86_64                                  0.1.17-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libconfig.x86_64                                 1.7.2-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libconfig-devel.x86_64                           1.7.2-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libconfuse.x86_64                                3.3-3.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libcue.x86_64                                    2.2.1-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libcurl.x86_64                                   7.76.1-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
libdaemon.x86_64                                 0.14-21.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libdatrie.x86_64                                 0.2.13-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                           0.2.13-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libdav1d.x86_64                                  0.9.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libdb.x86_64                                     5.3.28-46.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libdbusmenu.x86_64                               16.04.0-17.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libdbusmenu-gtk2.x86_64                          16.04.0-17.fc34                        @fedora                                        
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                          16.04.0-17.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libdecor.x86_64                                  0.1.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libdhash.x86_64                                  0.5.0-47.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libdmtx.x86_64                                   0.7.5-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libdmx.x86_64                                    1.1.4-10.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libdnf.x86_64                                    0.63.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libdrm.x86_64                                    2.4.107-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libdrm-devel.x86_64                              2.4.107-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libdv.x86_64                                     1.0.0-33.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libdvdnav.x86_64                                 6.1.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libdvdread.x86_64                                6.1.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libe-book.x86_64                                 0.1.3-16.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libeconf.x86_64                                  0.4.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libedit.x86_64                                   3.1-38.20210714cvs.fc34                @updates                                       
libeot.x86_64                                    0.01-16.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libepoxy.x86_64                                  1.5.9-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                            1.5.9-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libepubgen.x86_64                                0.1.1-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
liberation-fonts.noarch                          1:2.1.4-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                   1:2.1.4-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                     1:2.1.4-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                     1:2.1.4-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                    1:2.1.4-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                 2:20210818-122.fc34                    @updates                                       
libesmtp.x86_64                                  1.0.6-21.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libestr.x86_64                                   0.1.11-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libetonyek.x86_64                                0.1.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libev.x86_64                                     4.33-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libev-devel.x86_64                               4.33-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libevdev.x86_64                                  1.11.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libevent.x86_64                                  2.1.12-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libexif.x86_64                                   0.6.22-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libexttextcat.x86_64                             3.4.5-9.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libfastjson.x86_64                               0.99.9-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libfbclient2.x86_64                              3.0.7.33374-3.fc34                     @fedora                                        
libfdisk.x86_64                                  2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libffi.x86_64                                    3.1-28.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libffi-devel.x86_64                              3.1-28.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libfido2.x86_64                                  1.6.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libfontenc.x86_64                                1.1.3-15.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libfonts.noarch                                  1.1.3-33.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libformula.noarch                                1.1.3-30.fc34                          @updates                                       
libfprint.x86_64                                 1.90.7-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
libfreehand.x86_64                               0.1.2-9.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libftdi.x86_64                                   1.5-2.fc34                             @updates                                       
libgadu.x86_64                                   1.12.2-16.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libgcab1.x86_64                                  1.4-4.fc34                             @fedora                                        
libgcc.x86_64                                    11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libgcrypt.x86_64                                 1.9.3-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
libgdata.x86_64                                  0.18.1-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libgee.x86_64                                    0.20.4-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libgexiv2.x86_64                                 0.12.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libgfortran.x86_64                               11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libgit2.x86_64                                   1.1.0-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libglade2.x86_64                                 2.6.4-25.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libglvnd.x86_64                                  1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                       1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                            1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                              1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                             1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                              1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                           1:1.3.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libgnomecanvas.x86_64                            2.30.3-21.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libgnomekbd.x86_64                               3.26.1-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libgomp.x86_64                                   11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libgpg-error.x86_64                              1.42-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libgphoto2.x86_64                                2.5.27-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libgrss.x86_64                                   0.7.0-12.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libgs.x86_64                                     9.53.3-6.fc34                          @updates                                       
libgsf.x86_64                                    1.14.47-3.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libgtop2.x86_64                                  2.40.0-6.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libgudev.x86_64                                  236-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libgusb.x86_64                                   0.3.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libgweather.x86_64                               40.0-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libgxps.x86_64                                   0.3.2-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libhandy.x86_64                                  1.2.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libhangul.x86_64                                 0.1.0-23.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libib-util.x86_64                                3.0.7.33374-3.fc34                     @fedora                                        
libibverbs.x86_64                                36.0-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libical.x86_64                                   3.0.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libical-glib.x86_64                              3.0.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libicu.x86_64                                    67.1-6.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libicu-devel.x86_64                              67.1-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libid3tag.x86_64                                 0.15.1b-34.fc34                        @fedora                                        
libidn.x86_64                                    1.36-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libidn2.x86_64                                   2.3.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libiec61883.x86_64                               1.2.0-26.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libieee1284.x86_64                               0.2.11-35.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libijs.x86_64                                    0.35-13.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libimagequant.x86_64                             2.14.1-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libimobiledevice.x86_64                          1.3.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libindicator.x86_64                              12.10.1-20.fc34                        @fedora                                        
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                         12.10.1-20.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libini_config.x86_64                             1.3.1-47.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libinput.x86_64                                  1.18.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libipa_hbac.x86_64                               2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libipt.x86_64                                    2.0.4-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libiptcdata.x86_64                               1.0.5-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libjaylink.x86_64                                0.2.0-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libjcat.x86_64                                   0.1.6-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                             2.0.90-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                       2.0.90-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libjxl.x86_64                                    0.5-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
libkcapi.x86_64                                  1.2.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                         1.2.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libkgapi.x86_64                                  20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libkolabxml.x86_64                               1.2.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libksba.x86_64                                   1.5.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libkscreen-qt5.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libksysguard.x86_64                              5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libksysguard-common.x86_64                       5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libkworkspace5.x86_64                            5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
liblangtag.x86_64                                0.6.3-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
liblangtag-data.noarch                           0.6.3-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
liblayout.noarch                                 0.2.10-24.fc34                         @updates                                       
libldac.x86_64                                   2.0.2.3-8.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libldb.x86_64                                    2.3.0-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libloader.noarch                                 1.1.3-31.fc34                          @updates                                       
liblockfile.x86_64                               1.14-7.fc34                            @fedora                                        
liblqr-1.x86_64                                  0.4.2-16.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libmad.x86_64                                    0.15.1b-31.fc34                        @fedora                                        
libmanette.x86_64                                0.2.6-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libmarkdown.x86_64                               2.2.4-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libmaxminddb.x86_64                              1.5.2-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libmbim.x86_64                                   1.26.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libmbim-utils.x86_64                             1.26.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libmediaart.x86_64                               1.9.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libmetalink.x86_64                               0.1.3-14.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libmng.x86_64                                    2.0.3-13.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libmnl.x86_64                                    1.0.4-13.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libmodplug.x86_64                                1:0.8.9.0-12.fc34                      @fedora                                        
libmodulemd.x86_64                               2.13.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libmount.x86_64                                  2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libmount-devel.x86_64                            2.36.2-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libmousepad0.x86_64                              0.5.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libmp4v2.x86_64                                  2.1.0-0.23.trunkREV507.fc34            @fedora                                        
libmpc.x86_64                                    1.2.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libmpcdec.x86_64                                 1.2.6-27.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libmpdclient.x86_64                              2.19-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libmpeg2.x86_64                                  0.5.1-22.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libmspack.x86_64                                 0.10.1-0.5.alpha.fc34                  @fedora                                        
libmspub.x86_64                                  0.1.4-15.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libmtp.x86_64                                    1.1.18-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libmwaw.x86_64                                   0.3.20-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libmypaint.x86_64                                1.6.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libmysofa.x86_64                                 1.2-4.fc34                             @fedora                                        
libndp.x86_64                                    1.7-7.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                    1.0.8-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libnfnetlink.x86_64                              1.0.1-19.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libnfsidmap.x86_64                               1:2.5.4-0.fc34                         @updates                                       
libnftnl.x86_64                                  1.1.9-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libnghttp2.x86_64                                1.43.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libnice.x86_64                                   0.1.17-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                        0.1.17-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libnl3.x86_64                                    3.5.0-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                3.5.0-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libnma.x86_64                                    1.8.32-1.fc34.4                        @updates                                       
libnotify.x86_64                                 0.7.9-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libnsl2.x86_64                                   1.3.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libnumbertext.x86_64                             1.0.6-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libodfgen.x86_64                                 0.1.8-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libogg.x86_64                                    2:1.3.4-4.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libopenmpt.x86_64                                0.5.11-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
liborcus.x86_64                                  0.16.1-6.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libosinfo.x86_64                                 1.9.0-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libotr.x86_64                                    4.1.1-12.fc34                          @updates                                       
libpagemaker.x86_64                              0.0.4-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libpaper.x86_64                                  1.1.28-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libpasswdqc.x86_64                               1.4.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libpath_utils.x86_64                             0.2.1-47.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libpcap.x86_64                                   14:1.10.1-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libpciaccess.x86_64                              0.16-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                        0.16-4.fc34                            @fedora                                        
libphonenumber.x86_64                            8.12.11-5.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libpinyin.x86_64                                 2.6.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libpinyin-data.x86_64                            2.6.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libpipeline.x86_64                               1.5.3-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libpkgconf.x86_64                                1.7.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libplacebo.x86_64                                3.120.3-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libplist.x86_64                                  2.2.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libpng.x86_64                                    2:1.6.37-10.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
libpng-devel.x86_64                              2:1.6.37-10.fc34                       @fedora                                        
libpq.x86_64                                     13.4-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libproxy.x86_64                                  0.4.15-30.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libpskc.x86_64                                   2.6.6-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libpsl.x86_64                                    0.21.1-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libpurple.x86_64                                 2.14.1-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libpwquality.x86_64                              1.4.4-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
libqalculate.x86_64                              3.19.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libqb.x86_64                                     2.0.3-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libqhull.x86_64                                  1:7.2.1-7.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libqmi.x86_64                                    1.28.8-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libqmi-utils.x86_64                              1.28.8-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libqrcodegencpp.x86_64                           1.6.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                              1.0.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libquadmath.x86_64                               11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                         11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libqxp.x86_64                                    0.0.2-9.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libraqm.x86_64                                   0.7.0-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libraw1394.x86_64                                2.1.2-13.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libref_array.x86_64                              0.1.5-47.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libreoffice.x86_64                               1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-base.x86_64                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-core.x86_64                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-data.noarch                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                    1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                 1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                       1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                       1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-kf5.x86_64                           1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                   1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-math.x86_64                          1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                      1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch              1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                     1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                         1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                           1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                    1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                        1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                           1:7.1.6.2-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
librepo.x86_64                                   1.14.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport.x86_64                                 2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                        2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-cli.x86_64                             2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-fedora.x86_64                          2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-filesystem.noarch                      2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-gtk.x86_64                             2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                 2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64               2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                   2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64           2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.x86_64          2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                  2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreport-web.x86_64                             2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
librepository.noarch                             1.1.3-30.fc34                          @updates                                       
libreswan.x86_64                                 4.5-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
librevenge.x86_64                                0.0.4-20.fc34                          @fedora                                        
librsvg2.x86_64                                  2.50.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libsamplerate.x86_64                             0.1.9-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libsane-airscan.x86_64                           0.99.26-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                             3.21.2-11.fc34                         @updates                                       
libsbc.x86_64                                    1.4-7.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libseccomp.x86_64                                2.5.0-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libsecret.x86_64                                 0.20.4-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libselinux.x86_64                                3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libselinux-devel.x86_64                          3.2-1.fc34                             @fedora                                        
libselinux-utils.x86_64                          3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libsemanage.x86_64                               3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libsepol.x86_64                                  3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libsepol-devel.x86_64                            3.2-1.fc34                             @fedora                                        
libserializer.noarch                             1.1.2-29.fc34                          @updates                                       
libshaderc.x86_64                                2021.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libshout.x86_64                                  2.4.3-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libsigc++20.x86_64                               2.10.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libsigsegv.x86_64                                2.13-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libslopy.x86_64                                  7.5-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
libsmartcols.x86_64                              2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libsmbclient.x86_64                              2:4.14.7-0.fc34                        @updates                                       
libsmbios.x86_64                                 2.4.3-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libsndfile.x86_64                                1.0.31-5.fc34.fc34                     @updates                                       
libsodium.x86_64                                 1.0.18-7.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libsolv.x86_64                                   0.7.17-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libsoup.x86_64                                   2.72.0-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libspectre.x86_64                                0.2.9-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libsrtp.x86_64                                   2.3.0-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
libss.x86_64                                     1.45.6-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libssh.x86_64                                    0.9.5-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libssh-config.noarch                             0.9.5-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libssh2.x86_64                                   1.9.0-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libsss_autofs.x86_64                             2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libsss_certmap.x86_64                            2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libsss_idmap.x86_64                              2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                          2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libsss_sudo.x86_64                               2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
libstaroffice.x86_64                             0.0.7-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libstdc++.x86_64                                 11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                           11.2.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libstemmer.x86_64                                0-16.585svn.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
libtalloc.x86_64                                 2.3.2-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libtar.x86_64                                    1.2.20-21.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libtasn1.x86_64                                  4.16.0-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libtdb.x86_64                                    1.4.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libteam.x86_64                                   1.31-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libtevent.x86_64                                 0.11.0-0.fc34                          @updates                                       
libtextstyle.x86_64                              0.21-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libthai.x86_64                                   0.1.28-6.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libthai-devel.x86_64                             0.1.28-6.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libtheora.x86_64                                 1:1.1.1-29.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libtiff.x86_64                                   4.2.0-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libtiff-devel.x86_64                             4.2.0-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libtimezonemap.x86_64                            0.4.5.1-9.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libtirpc.x86_64                                  1.3.2-0.fc34                           @updates                                       
libtommath.x86_64                                1.2.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                              2.4.6-40.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                         3.1.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libudfread.x86_64                                1.1.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libudisks2.x86_64                                2.9.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libunistring.x86_64                              0.9.10-10.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libunwind.x86_64                                 1.4.0-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                2.0.2-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libusbx.x86_64                                   1.0.24-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libuser.x86_64                                   0.63-4.fc34                            @updates                                       
libutempter.x86_64                               1.2.1-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libuuid.x86_64                                   2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libuv.x86_64                                     1:1.41.0-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libv4l.x86_64                                    1.20.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libva.x86_64                                     2.11.0-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libvdpau.x86_64                                  1.4-4.fc34                             @fedora                                        
libverto.x86_64                                  0.3.2-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libverto-libev.x86_64                            0.3.2-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libvisio.x86_64                                  0.1.7-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libvisual.x86_64                                 1:0.4.0-32.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
libvmaf.x86_64                                   2.1.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libvncserver.x86_64                              0.9.13-10.fc34                         @fedora                                        
libvorbis.x86_64                                 1:1.3.7-3.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
libvpx.x86_64                                    1.9.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libwacom.x86_64                                  1.12-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libwacom-data.noarch                             1.12-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
libwayland-client.x86_64                         1.19.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                         1.19.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libwayland-egl.x86_64                            1.19.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libwayland-server.x86_64                         1.19.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libwbclient.x86_64                               2:4.14.7-0.fc34                        @updates                                       
libwebp.x86_64                                   1.2.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libwinpr.x86_64                                  2:2.3.2-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
libwmf.x86_64                                    0.2.12-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libwmf-lite.x86_64                               0.2.12-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libwnck3.x86_64                                  40.0-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
libwpd.x86_64                                    0.10.3-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libwpe.x86_64                                    1.10.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libwpg.x86_64                                    0.3.3-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libwps.x86_64                                    0.4.12-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libxcb.x86_64                                    1.13.1-7.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libxcb-devel.x86_64                              1.13.1-7.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libxcrypt.x86_64                                 4.4.25-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                          4.4.25-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                           4.4.25-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
libxfce4ui.x86_64                                4.16.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libxfce4util.x86_64                              4.16.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libxkbcommon.x86_64                              1.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                        1.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                          1.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libxkbcommon-x11-devel.x86_64                    1.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libxkbfile.x86_64                                1.1.0-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libxklavier.x86_64                               5.4-18.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
libxml2.x86_64                                   2.9.12-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
libxml2-devel.x86_64                             2.9.12-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
libxmlb.x86_64                                   0.3.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
libxshmfence.x86_64                              1.3-8.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
libxslt.x86_64                                   1.1.34-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
libyaml.x86_64                                   0.2.5-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libyubikey.x86_64                                1.13-15.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libyui.x86_64                                    3.10.0-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libyui-gtk.x86_64                                2.49.0-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libyui-mga.x86_64                                1.1.0-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libyui-mga-gtk.x86_64                            1.1.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libyui-mga-ncurses.x86_64                        1.1.0-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libyui-mga-qt.x86_64                             1.1.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libyui-ncurses.x86_64                            2.55.0-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libyui-qt.x86_64                                 2.53.0-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libyui-qt-graph.x86_64                           2.45.5-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libzhuyin.x86_64                                 2.6.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
libzip.x86_64                                    1.7.3-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
libzmf.x86_64                                    0.0.2-16.fc34                          @fedora                                        
libzstd.x86_64                                   1.5.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
lightdm.x86_64                                   1.30.0-14.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lightdm-gobject.x86_64                           1.30.0-14.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lightdm-gtk.x86_64                               2.0.8-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.noarch              1.2.2-13.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
lilv.x86_64                                      0.24.10-2.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
linux-atm-libs.x86_64                            2.5.1-28.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
linux-firmware.noarch                            20210818-122.fc34                      @updates                                       
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                     20210818-122.fc34                      @updates                                       
lksctp-tools.x86_64                              1.0.18-9.fc34                          @fedora                                        
llvm-libs.x86_64                                 12.0.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                           3.6.0-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                 0.9.29-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
lockdev.x86_64                                   1.0.4-0.35.20111007git.fc34            @anaconda                                      
logrotate.x86_64                                 3.18.0-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                      2.91.5-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                       2.91.5-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                    2.95.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                      2.92.4-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                       2.5.4-10.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                          2.91.2-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                         2.91.3-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                        2.5.5-10.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                        2.1-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
lpsolve.x86_64                                   5.5.2.0-26.fc34                        @fedora                                        
lrzsz.x86_64                                     0.12.20-53.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
lsof.x86_64                                      4.94.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
lua.x86_64                                       5.4.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
lua-libs.x86_64                                  5.4.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
lua-posix.x86_64                                 35.0-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                           1-4.fc34                               @fedora                                        
luajit.x86_64                                    2.1.0-0.19beta3.fc34                   @fedora                                        
luit.x86_64                                      1.1.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
lv2.x86_64                                       1.18.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
lvm2.x86_64                                      2.03.11-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                 2.03.11-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
lxappearance.x86_64                              0.6.3-13.D20200807gitd132fdd8.fc34     @fedora                                        
lxsession.x86_64                                 0.5.5-7.D20210130git8543c00a.fc34      @fedora                                        
lz4-libs.x86_64                                  1.9.3-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
lzo.x86_64                                       2.10-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
m17n-db.noarch                                   1.8.0-21.fc34                          @updates                                       
m17n-lib.x86_64                                  1.8.0-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
m4.x86_64                                        1.4.18-17.fc34                         @fedora                                        
mactel-boot.x86_64                               0.9-24.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
mailcap.noarch                                   2.1.49-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
mailx.x86_64                                     12.5-37.fc34                           @fedora                                        
maim.x86_64                                      5.6.3-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
make.x86_64                                      1:4.3-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
man-db.x86_64                                    2.9.3-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
man-pages.noarch                                 5.10-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
mariadb.x86_64                                   3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-backup.x86_64                            3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-common.x86_64                            3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                       3.1.13-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                3.1.13-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.x86_64           3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                            3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                     3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-server.x86_64                            3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                      3:10.5.12-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
mat2.noarch                                      0.12.2-1.fc34                          @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atenart:mat2   
mat2-nautilus.noarch                             0.12.2-1.fc34                          @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:atenart:mat2   
mathjax.noarch                                   2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-ams-fonts.noarch                         2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-caligraphic-fonts.noarch                 2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-fraktur-fonts.noarch                     2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-main-fonts.noarch                        2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-math-fonts.noarch                        2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-sansserif-fonts.noarch                   2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-script-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-size1-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-size2-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-size3-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-size4-fonts.noarch                       2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-stixweb-fonts.noarch                     2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-typewriter-fonts.noarch                  2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-vector-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-winchrome-fonts.noarch                   2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mathjax-winie6-fonts.noarch                      2.7.4-8.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mcelog.x86_64                                    3:175-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
mdadm.x86_64                                     4.1-7.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
meanwhile.x86_64                                 1.1.0-30.fc34                          @fedora                                        
media-player-info.noarch                         23-8.fc34                              @fedora                                        
memstrack.x86_64                                 0.2.2-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
memtest86+.x86_64                                5.31-0.3.beta.fc34                     @anaconda                                      
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                          21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                           21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                               21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                          21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                               9.0.1-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                               21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                             21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                         21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                       21.1.7-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
meson.noarch                                     0.59.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
microcode_ctl.x86_64                             2:2.1-46.fc34                          @updates                                       
minicom.x86_64                                   2.7.1-15.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
minizip-compat.x86_64                            1.2.11-26.fc34                         @fedora                                        
mkfontscale.x86_64                               1.2.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mkpasswd.x86_64                                  5.5.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mlocate.x86_64                                   0.26-28.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch            20210805-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
mokutil.x86_64                                   2:0.4.0-4.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
mousepad.x86_64                                  0.5.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
mozjs78.x86_64                                   78.13.0-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
mpfr.x86_64                                      4.1.0-7.fc34                           @updates                                       
mpg123-libs.x86_64                               1.26.2-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
mpv.x86_64                                       0.33.1-1.fc34                          @rpmfusion-free                                
msttcore-fonts-installer.noarch                  2.6-1                                  @System                                        
mtdev.x86_64                                     1.1.5-20.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
mtools.x86_64                                    4.0.35-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
mtr.x86_64                                       2:0.94-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
mutter.x86_64                                    40.4-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
mypaint-brushes.noarch                           1.3.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
mysql-selinux.noarch                             1.0.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
mythes.x86_64                                    1.2.4-16.fc34                          @fedora                                        
mythes-en.noarch                                 3.0-31.fc34                            @fedora                                        
nano.x86_64                                      5.8-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
nano-default-editor.noarch                       5.8-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
nautilus.x86_64                                  40.2-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                       40.2-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
nautilus-python.x86_64                           1.2.3-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
ncdu.x86_64                                      1.16-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
ncurses.x86_64                                   6.2-4.20200222.fc34                    @anaconda                                      
ncurses-base.noarch                              6.2-4.20200222.fc34                    @anaconda                                      
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                       6.2-4.20200222.fc34                    @fedora                                        
ncurses-libs.x86_64                              6.2-4.20200222.fc34                    @anaconda                                      
ndctl.x86_64                                     71.1-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                71.1-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
neofetch.noarch                                  7.1.0-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
neon.x86_64                                      0.31.2-6.fc34                          @fedora                                        
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                             1:5.9.1-4.fc34                         @updates                                       
net-tools.x86_64                                 2.0-0.59.20160912git.fc34              @anaconda                                      
netpbm.x86_64                                    10.95.00-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
nettle.x86_64                                    3.7.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
network-manager-applet.x86_64                    1.22.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
newt.x86_64                                      0.52.21-9.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
nfs-utils.x86_64                                 1:2.5.4-0.fc34                         @updates                                       
nftables.x86_64                                  1:0.9.8-3.fc34                         @updates                                       
nilfs-utils.x86_64                               2.2.8-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
nim-srpm-macros.noarch                           3-4.fc34                               @fedora                                        
ninja-build.x86_64                               1.10.2-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                      1.22.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                 3:7.80-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
npth.x86_64                                      1.6-6.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
nspr.x86_64                                      4.32.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nss.x86_64                                       3.69.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nss-mdns.x86_64                                  0.14.1-11.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
nss-softokn.x86_64                               3.69.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                        3.69.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nss-sysinit.x86_64                               3.69.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nss-tools.x86_64                                 3.69.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
nss-util.x86_64                                  3.69.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ntfs-3g.x86_64                                   2:2021.8.22-1.fc34                     @updates                                       
ntfs-3g-libs.x86_64                              2:2021.8.22-1.fc34                     @updates                                       
ntfs-3g-system-compression.x86_64                1.0-7.fc34                             @updates                                       
ntfsprogs.x86_64                                 2:2021.8.22-1.fc34                     @updates                                       
numactl-libs.x86_64                              2.0.14-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                         6-4.fc34                               @fedora                                        
ocfs2-tools.x86_64                               1.8.6-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
ocl-icd.x86_64                                   2.3.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
octave.x86_64                                    6:5.2.0-12.fc34                        @updates                                       
oddjob.x86_64                                    0.34.7-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                          0.34.7-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
okular.x86_64                                    21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
okular-libs.x86_64                               21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
okular-part.x86_64                               21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
oldstandard-sfd-fonts.noarch                     2.0.2-29.fc34                          @fedora                                        
ongres-scram.noarch                              1.0.0~beta.2-12.fc34                   @fedora                                        
ongres-scram-client.noarch                       1.0.0~beta.2-12.fc34                   @fedora                                        
openal-soft.x86_64                               1.19.1-12.fc34                         @fedora                                        
openblas.x86_64                                  0.3.17-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
openblas-openmp.x86_64                           0.3.17-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
openblas-openmp64.x86_64                         0.3.17-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                      2-9.fc34                               @fedora                                        
openconnect.x86_64                               8.10-6.fc34                            @updates                                       
opencore-amr.x86_64                              0.1.5-12.fc34                          @rpmfusion-free                                
openexr-libs.x86_64                              2.5.5-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
openjpeg2.x86_64                                 2.4.0-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
openldap.x86_64                                  2.4.57-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
opensc.x86_64                                    0.22.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
openssh.x86_64                                   8.6p1-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
openssh-clients.x86_64                           8.6p1-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
openssh-server.x86_64                            8.6p1-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
openssl-libs.x86_64                              1:1.1.1l-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                            0.4.11-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
openvpn.x86_64                                   2.5.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
opera-stable.x86_64                              78.0.4093.184-0                        @opera                                         
opus.x86_64                                      1.3.1-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
opusfile.x86_64                                  0.12-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
orc.x86_64                                       0.4.31-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
os-prober.x86_64                                 1.77-7.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
osinfo-db.noarch                                 20210809-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                           1.9.0-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
ostree.x86_64                                    2021.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ostree-libs.x86_64                               2021.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
oxygen-sound-theme.noarch                        5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
p11-kit.x86_64                                   0.23.22-3.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
p11-kit-server.x86_64                            0.23.22-3.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                             0.23.22-3.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
p7zip.x86_64                                     16.02-20.fc34                          @updates                                       
p7zip-plugins.x86_64                             16.02-20.fc34                          @updates                                       
pakchois.x86_64                                  0.4-23.fc34                            @fedora                                        
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                 5.0-4.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
pam.x86_64                                       1.5.1-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
pam-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.1-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
pam-kwallet.x86_64                               5.22.4-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
pam_passwdqc.x86_64                              1.4.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pandoc.x86_64                                    2.9.2.1-9.fc34                         @fedora                                        
pandoc-citeproc.x86_64                           0.17.0.1-4.fc34                        @fedora                                        
pandoc-citeproc-common.noarch                    0.17.0.1-4.fc34                        @fedora                                        
pandoc-common.noarch                             2.9.2.1-9.fc34                         @fedora                                        
pango.x86_64                                     1.48.9-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pango-devel.x86_64                               1.48.9-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pangomm.x86_64                                   2.46.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
paper.x86_64                                     2.3-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
paps.x86_64                                      0.7.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
parted.x86_64                                    3.4-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
passwd.x86_64                                    0.80-10.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
passwdqc.x86_64                                  1.4.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
passwdqc-utils.x86_64                            1.4.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
patch.x86_64                                     2.7.6-14.fc34                          @fedora                                        
pavucontrol.x86_64                               4.0-6.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                1.1-7.fc34                             @fedora                                        
pciutils.x86_64                                  3.7.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pciutils-libs.x86_64                             3.7.0-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pcre.x86_64                                      8.44-3.fc34.1                          @anaconda                                      
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                  8.44-3.fc34.1                          @fedora                                        
pcre-devel.x86_64                                8.44-3.fc34.1                          @fedora                                        
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                8.44-3.fc34.1                          @fedora                                        
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                8.44-3.fc34.1                          @fedora                                        
pcre2.x86_64                                     10.36-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pcre2-devel.x86_64                               10.36-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pcre2-syntax.noarch                              10.36-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                               10.36-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                               10.36-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                 1.9.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                            1.4.34-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                            1.9.1-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pdfpc.x86_64                                     4.5.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pentaho-libxml.noarch                            1.1.3-29.fc34                          @updates                                       
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch             1:0.9.4-23.fc34                        @updates                                       
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                       1.2010-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-AnyEvent.x86_64                             7.17-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-AnyEvent-I3.noarch                          0.17-13.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                          2.40-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                          2.16-23.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                           5.74-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-B.x86_64                                    1.80-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-B-Hooks-EndOfScope.noarch                   0.24-13.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-BibTeX-Parser.noarch                        1.03-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                           7.4-22.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Business-ISBN.noarch                        3.006-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Business-ISBN-Data.noarch                   20210112.006-1.fc34                    @fedora                                        
perl-Business-ISMN.noarch                        1.202-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Business-ISSN.noarch                        1.004-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Carp.noarch                                 1.50-458.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                            6.08-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Class-Accessor.noarch                       0.51-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Class-Data-Inheritable.noarch               0.08-37.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                      1.36-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Class-Method-Modifiers.noarch               2.13-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Class-Singleton.noarch                      1.6-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                         0.66-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Class-XSAccessor.x86_64                     1.19-23.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Clone.x86_64                                0.45-4.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                   2.101-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                    2.101-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                    2.101-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                         0.27-22.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Crypt-RC4.noarch                            2.02-27.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                          1.21-12.fc34                           @updates                                       
perl-DBI.x86_64                                  1.643-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Data-Compare.noarch                         1.27-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                            1.23-16.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                          2.174-460.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                         0.110-15.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Data-Uniqid.noarch                          0.12-24.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                            6.4-18.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Date-ISO8601.noarch                         0.005-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                           6.85-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime.x86_64                             2:1.54-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime-Calendar-Julian.noarch             0.103-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime-Format-Builder.noarch              0.8300-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime-Format-Strptime.noarch             1:1.78-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime-Locale.noarch                      1.32-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
perl-DateTime-TimeZone.noarch                    2.47-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-SystemV.noarch            0.010-12.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-DateTime-TimeZone-Tzfile.noarch             0.011-12.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Devel-CallChecker.x86_64                    0.008-12.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Devel-Caller.x86_64                         2.06-24.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Devel-GlobalDestruction.noarch              0.14-14.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Devel-LexAlias.x86_64                       0.05-25.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Devel-StackTrace.noarch                     1:2.04-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Digest.noarch                               1.20-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                          1.03-27.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Digest-MD4.x86_64                           1.9-27.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                           2.58-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-Digest-Perl-MD5.noarch                      1.9-22.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                           1:6.02-459.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                          2.13-32.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-DirHandle.noarch                            1.05-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Dist-CheckConflicts.noarch                  0.11-21.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                           1.47-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-DynaLoader-Functions.noarch                 0.003-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Email-Date-Format.noarch                    1.005-18.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Encode.x86_64                               4:3.12-460.fc34                        @updates                                       
perl-Encode-EUCJPASCII.x86_64                    0.03-32.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Encode-HanExtra.x86_64                      0.23-32.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Encode-JIS2K.x86_64                         0.03-17.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                        1.05-19.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-English.noarch                              1.11-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Errno.x86_64                                1.30-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Error.noarch                                1:0.17029-5.fc34                       @fedora                                        
perl-Eval-Closure.noarch                         0.14-14.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Exception-Class.noarch                      1.44-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Exporter.noarch                             5.74-459.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                        1.002002-4.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                    2:7.62-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                1.13-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-File-Basename.noarch                        2.85-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-File-Compare.noarch                         1.100.600-477.fc34                     @updates                                       
perl-File-Copy.noarch                            2.34-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-File-Copy-Recursive.noarch                  0.45-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-File-Find.noarch                            1.37-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-File-Find-Rule.noarch                       0.34-17.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                         1.006-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-File-Listing.noarch                         6.14-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-File-Path.noarch                            2.18-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                        1.118-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-File-Slurper.noarch                         0.012-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-File-Temp.noarch                            1:0.231.100-2.fc34                     @anaconda                                      
perl-File-Which.noarch                           1.23-8.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-File-stat.noarch                            1.09-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-FileHandle.noarch                           2.03-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Filter.x86_64                               2:1.60-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-FindBin.noarch                              1.51-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Font-AFM.noarch                             1.20-35.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-GD.x86_64                                   2.73-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-GD-Barcode.noarch                           1.15-37.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                               0.28-35.fc34                           @updates                                       
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                          1:2.52-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                           1.12-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Git.noarch                                  2.31.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Guard.x86_64                                1.023-20.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-HTML-Form.noarch                            6.07-4.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-HTML-Formatter.noarch                       2.16-15.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                          3.76-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                          3.20-45.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-HTML-Tree.noarch                            1:5.07-14.fc34                         @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                         6.10-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                            6.05-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                         6.33-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                       6.01-28.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                            0.078-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                  1.20-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                        0.44-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                        0.19-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-IO.x86_64                                   1.43-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                          2.102-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                     2.101-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                              1.004-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                         0.41-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                        2.070-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
perl-IO-String.noarch                            1.08-41.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                              1:1.11-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-IO-stringy.noarch                           2.113-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                              2:1.04-459.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                            1.21-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-IPC-Run3.noarch                             0.048-21.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                             2.09-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                    1.30-4.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                       12.30-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
perl-JSON.noarch                                 4.03-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-JSON-XS.x86_64                              1:4.03-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Jcode.noarch                                2.07-34.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-LDAP.noarch                                 1:0.68-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                       6.04-7.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                   6.10-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-LaTeX-ToUnicode.noarch                      0.11-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-List-AllUtils.noarch                        0.18-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                       0.430-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                    0.430-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-List-SomeUtils.noarch                       0.58-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-List-UtilsBy.noarch                         0.11-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                      1.29-459.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch               1:0.21-477.fc34                        @updates                                       
perl-Log-Dispatch.noarch                         2.70-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Log-Dispatch-FileRotate.noarch              1.36-8.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Log-Log4perl.noarch                         1.54-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                          3.16-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                         1.012.2-13.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-MIME-Lite.noarch                            3.031-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-MIME-Types.noarch                           2.18-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                           0.13-13.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                          1:0.903-14.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-Mail-Sendmail.noarch                        0.80-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-MailTools.noarch                            2.21-7.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                          1:1.9998.18-458.fc34                   @fedora                                        
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                         1.59-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                      1:5.20210820-1.fc34                    @updates                                       
perl-Module-Implementation.noarch                0.09-28.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Module-Load.noarch                          1:0.36-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch              0.74-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                      1.000037-458.fc34                      @fedora                                        
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                       0.016-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                           20200520-4.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                            1.15-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-NKF.x86_64                                  1:2.1.4-19.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-NTLM.noarch                                 1.09-28.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                             6.21-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                         1.04-14.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                           1.90-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-Number-Compare.noarch                       0.03-28.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-OLE-Storage_Lite.noarch                     0.20-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Opcode.x86_64                               1.48-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                1.94-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                    1.106-21.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Package-Stash.noarch                        0.39-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Package-Stash-XS.x86_64                     0.29-9.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-PadWalker.x86_64                            2.5-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
perl-Params-Check.noarch                         1:0.38-459.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-Params-Classify.x86_64                      0.015-12.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                          1.102-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Params-Validate.x86_64                      1.30-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Params-ValidationCompiler.noarch            0.30-10.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Parse-RecDescent.noarch                     1.967015-13.fc34                       @fedora                                        
perl-PathTools.x86_64                            3.78-459.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-PerlIO-utf8_strict.x86_64                   0.008-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                          1:1.07-458.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                             1.25-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                          3.28.01-459.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                           1:3.42-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                            4:2.01-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Ref-Util.noarch                             0.204-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Ref-Util-XS.x86_64                          0.117-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Regexp-Common.noarch                        2017060201-14.fc34                     @fedora                                        
perl-Role-Tiny.noarch                            2.002004-2.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-Safe.noarch                                 2.41-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                    4:1.56-459.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                          1.02-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Socket.x86_64                               4:2.032-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
perl-Sort-Key.x86_64                             1.33-20.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Specio.noarch                               0.47-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Spreadsheet-ParseExcel.x86_64               0.6500-28.fc34                         @fedora                                        
perl-Spreadsheet-WriteExcel.noarch               2.40-21.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Storable.x86_64                             1:3.21-458.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                         0.987-25.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Sub-Exporter-Progressive.noarch             0.001013-14.fc34                       @fedora                                        
perl-Sub-Identify.x86_64                         0.14-15.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                          0.928-26.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Symbol.noarch                               1.08-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                         1.23-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                           0.36-459.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Task-Weaken.noarch                          1.06-10.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                       5.01-459.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                             1.17-458.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                          2.38-9.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                        2.04-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Text-BibTeX.x86_64                          0.88-7.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Text-CSV.noarch                             2.00-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Text-CSV_XS.x86_64                          1.46-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                            1.45-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                            0.11-13.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                      3.30-458.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-Text-Roman.noarch                           3.5-18.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                         3.05-18.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                       2021.0726-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                       1.30-14.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                         3.14-458.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Tie.noarch                                  4.6-477.fc34                           @updates                                       
perl-Tie-Cycle.noarch                            1.226-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                          1.40-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                           4:1.9764-460.fc34                      @fedora                                        
perl-Time-Local.noarch                           2:1.300-5.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
perl-TimeDate.noarch                             1:2.33-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Tk.x86_64                                   804.036-3.fc34                         @updates                                       
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                             0.30-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-Types-Serialiser.noarch                     1.01-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-UNIVERSAL-isa.noarch                        1.20171012-11.fc34                     @fedora                                        
perl-URI.noarch                                  5.09-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                      1.29-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Unicode-EastAsianWidth.noarch               12.0-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                    2019.001-9.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-Unicode-Map.x86_64                          0.112-53.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                    1.27-459.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                          0.75-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-Variable-Magic.x86_64                       0.62-12.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-WWW-Mechanize.noarch                        2.03-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                       6.02-28.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                           1:2.0207-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
perl-XML-LibXML-Simple.noarch                    1.01-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-XML-LibXSLT.x86_64                          1.99-5.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                 1.12-13.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                           2.46-7.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                              1.02-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                         1.09-13.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-XML-Writer.noarch                           0.900-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                            1.44-9.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-XString.x86_64                              0.005-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-YAML-Tiny.noarch                            1.73-11.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-autodie.noarch                              2.34-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-autouse.noarch                              1.11-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-autovivification.x86_64                     0.18-12.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-base.noarch                                 2.27-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-common-sense.x86_64                         3.7.5-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-constant.noarch                             1.33-459.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
perl-deprecate.noarch                            0.04-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-encoding.x86_64                             4:3.00-460.fc34                        @updates                                       
perl-if.noarch                                   0.60.800-477.fc34                      @updates                                       
perl-interpreter.x86_64                          4:5.32.1-477.fc34                      @updates                                       
perl-lib.x86_64                                  0.65-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                         1.32-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-libnet.noarch                               3.13-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
perl-libs.x86_64                                 4:5.32.1-477.fc34                      @updates                                       
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                          6.56-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
perl-locale.noarch                               1.09-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-meta-notation.noarch                        5.32.1-477.fc34                        @updates                                       
perl-mro.x86_64                                  1.23-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-namespace-autoclean.noarch                  0.29-6.fc34                            @fedora                                        
perl-namespace-clean.noarch                      0.27-16.fc34                           @fedora                                        
perl-open.noarch                                 1.12-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-overload.noarch                             1.31-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-overloading.noarch                          0.02-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-parent.noarch                               1:0.238-458.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
perl-podlators.noarch                            1:4.14-458.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
perl-sigtrap.noarch                              1.09-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                          1-39.fc34                              @fedora                                        
perl-subs.noarch                                 1.03-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-threads.x86_64                              1:2.25-458.fc34                        @fedora                                        
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                       1.61-458.fc34                          @fedora                                        
perl-vars.noarch                                 1.05-477.fc34                          @updates                                       
perl-version.x86_64                              7:0.99.29-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
perltidy.noarch                                  20210402-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
phonon-qt5.x86_64                                4.11.1-7.fc34                          @fedora                                        
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.x86_64              2:4.10.0-5.fc34                        @fedora                                        
pidgin.x86_64                                    2.14.1-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
pidgin-discord.noarch                            0-31.20200718git8fd7ceb.fc34           @fedora                                        
pidgin-indicator.x86_64                          1.0.1-7.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pidgin-otr.x86_64                                4.0.2-11.fc34                          @fedora                                        
pigz.x86_64                                      2.5-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
pim-data-exporter.x86_64                         20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
pim-data-exporter-libs.x86_64                    20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
pim-sieve-editor.x86_64                          20.12.2-1.fc34                         @fedora                                        
pinentry.x86_64                                  1.1.1-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                           1.1.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pinentry-qt.x86_64                               1.1.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
pinfo.x86_64                                     0.6.10-27.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
pipewire.x86_64                                  0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                             0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                        0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64        0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire-libs.x86_64                             0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                       0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire-utils.x86_64                            0.3.35-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
pipewire0.2-libs.x86_64                          0.2.7-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pixman.x86_64                                    0.40.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
pixman-devel.x86_64                              0.40.0-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
pkcs11-helper.x86_64                             1.27.0-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
pkgconf.x86_64                                   1.7.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                1.7.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                        1.7.3-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
plasma-breeze.x86_64                             5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                      5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-desktop.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                        5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-discover.x86_64                           5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-discover-flatpak.x86_64                   5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-discover-libs.x86_64                      5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-discover-notifier.x86_64                  5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-discover-offline-updates.x86_64           5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-discover-packagekit.x86_64                5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-drkonqi.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-integration.x86_64                        5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                 5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-milou.x86_64                              5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm.x86_64                                 5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm-l2tp.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm-openconnect.x86_64                     5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm-openswan.x86_64                        5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm-openvpn.x86_64                         5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm-pptp.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-nm-vpnc.x86_64                            5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-pa.x86_64                                 5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-systemmonitor.x86_64                      5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-systemsettings.x86_64                     5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-thunderbolt.x86_64                        5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace.x86_64                          5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace-common.x86_64                   5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace-geolocation.x86_64              5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.x86_64         5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace-libs.x86_64                     5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace-wayland.x86_64                  5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plasma-workspace-x11.x86_64                      5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
plymouth.x86_64                                  0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                        0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                    0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                     0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                  0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                          0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                     0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                    0.9.5-2.20210331git1ea1020.fc34        @anaconda                                      
policycoreutils.x86_64                           3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch              3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
polkit.x86_64                                    0.117-3.fc34.1                         @updates                                       
polkit-kde.x86_64                                5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
polkit-libs.x86_64                               0.117-3.fc34.1                         @updates                                       
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                        0.1-19.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
polkit-qt5-1.x86_64                              0.113.0-6.fc34                         @fedora                                        
polybar.x86_64                                   3.5.6-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
poppler.x86_64                                   21.01.0-7.fc34                         @updates                                       
poppler-cpp.x86_64                               21.01.0-7.fc34                         @updates                                       
poppler-data.noarch                              0.4.9-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
poppler-glib.x86_64                              21.01.0-7.fc34                         @updates                                       
poppler-qt5.x86_64                               21.01.0-7.fc34                         @updates                                       
poppler-utils.x86_64                             21.01.0-7.fc34                         @updates                                       
popt.x86_64                                      1.18-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
portaudio.x86_64                                 19-34.fc34                             @fedora                                        
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                           42.2.18-2.fc34                         @fedora                                        
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                     0.8.1-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
powerdevil.x86_64                                5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ppp.x86_64                                       2.4.9-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
pptp.x86_64                                      1.10.0-12.fc34                         @fedora                                        
procps-ng.x86_64                                 3.3.17-1.fc34.1                        @updates                                       
protobuf.x86_64                                  3.14.0-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
protobuf-c.x86_64                                1.3.3-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
psacct.x86_64                                    6.6.4-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
psmisc.x86_64                                    23.4-1.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
psutils.noarch                                   2.05-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
pt-sans-fonts.noarch                             20141121-19.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                   20190417-5.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                           14.2-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                     14.2-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                          14.2-3.fc34                            @fedora                                        
purple-discord.x86_64                            0-31.20200718git8fd7ceb.fc34           @fedora                                        
pygobject2.x86_64                                2.28.7-12.fc34                         @fedora                                        
pygtk2.x86_64                                    2.24.0-34.fc34                         @fedora                                        
python-pip-wheel.noarch                          21.0.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                     5.15.0-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
python-setuptools-wheel.noarch                   53.0.0-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
python-srpm-macros.noarch                        3.9-38.fc34                            @updates                                       
python-systemd-doc.x86_64                        234-16.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python-unversioned-command.noarch                3.9.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python2-cairo.x86_64                             1.18.2-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
python2.7.x86_64                                 2.7.18-11.fc34                         @updates                                       
python3.x86_64                                   3.9.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-abrt.x86_64                              2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                        2.14.6-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-argcomplete.noarch                       1.12.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-audit.x86_64                             3.0.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-augeas.noarch                            0.5.0-23.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                    4.9.3-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-blivet.noarch                            1:3.3.3-3.fc34                         @updates                                       
python3-blockdev.x86_64                          2.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
python3-bytesize.x86_64                          2.6-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
python3-cairo.x86_64                             1.20.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-canberra.noarch                          0-0.26.git88c53cd.fc34                 @anaconda                                      
python3-cangjie.x86_64                           1.2-24.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python3-chardet.noarch                           4.0.0-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-cson.noarch                              0.8-8.fc34                             @fedora                                        
python3-cups.x86_64                              2.0.1-10.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-dasbus.noarch                            1.4-3.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
python3-dateutil.noarch                          1:2.8.1-3.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
python3-dbus.x86_64                              1.2.18-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-decorator.noarch                         4.4.2-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-devel.x86_64                             3.9.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-distro.noarch                            1.5.0-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-dnf.noarch                               4.8.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                  4.0.22-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-dnfdaemon.noarch                         0.3.20-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
python3-enchant.noarch                           3.2.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-firewall.noarch                          0.9.4-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-gettext.noarch                           4.0-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
python3-gobject.x86_64                           3.40.1-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                      3.40.1-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-gpg.x86_64                               1.15.1-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-hawkey.x86_64                            0.63.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-humanize.noarch                          0.5.1-25.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-idna.noarch                              2.10-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python3-kickstart.noarch                         3.32-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python3-langtable.noarch                         0.0.56-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-libcomps.x86_64                          0.1.17-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-libdnf.x86_64                            0.63.1-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-libreport.x86_64                         2.15.2-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-libs.x86_64                              3.9.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-libselinux.x86_64                        3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                       3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
python3-libxml2.x86_64                           2.9.12-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-lxml.x86_64                              4.6.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-manatools.noarch                         0.0.3-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
python3-meh.noarch                               0.50-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python3-meh-gui.noarch                           0.50-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python3-mutagen.noarch                           1.45.1-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
python3-newt.x86_64                              0.52.21-9.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
python3-nftables.x86_64                          1:0.9.8-3.fc34                         @updates                                       
python3-numpy.x86_64                             1:1.20.1-1.fc34                        @fedora                                        
python3-olefile.noarch                           0.46-13.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-packaging.noarch                         20.9-1.fc34                            @fedora                                        
python3-pexpect.noarch                           4.8.0-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-pid.noarch                               2.2.3-10.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-pillow.x86_64                            8.1.2-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-pillow-tk.x86_64                         8.1.2-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-pip.noarch                               21.0.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                   3.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
python3-productmd.noarch                         1.33-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                        0.6.0-12.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-pwquality.x86_64                         1.4.4-6.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-pycurl.x86_64                            7.43.0.6-5.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
python3-pygments.noarch                          2.7.4-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
python3-pyparsing.noarch                         2.4.7-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
python3-pyparted.x86_64                          1:3.11.7-2.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                         4.19.24-3.fc34                         @fedora                                        
python3-pysocks.noarch                           1.7.1-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-pytz.noarch                              2021.1-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-pyudev.noarch                            0.22.0-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-pyxdg.noarch                             0.27-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                            5.4.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
python3-qt5.x86_64                               5.15.0-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                          5.15.0-8.fc34                          @fedora                                        
python3-requests.noarch                          2.25.1-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-requests-file.noarch                     1.5.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                      0.3.1-21.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-rpm.x86_64                               4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
python3-send2trash.noarch                        1.4.2-15.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-setools.x86_64                           4.4.0-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
python3-setuptools.noarch                        53.0.0-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-simpleaudio.x86_64                       1.0.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
python3-simpleline.noarch                        1.8-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
python3-six.noarch                               1.15.0-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-slip.noarch                              0.6.4-22.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                         0.6.4-22.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
python3-soupsieve.noarch                         2.2-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
python3-speg.noarch                              0.3-11.git877acdd.fc34                 @fedora                                        
python3-systemd.x86_64                           234-16.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
python3-tkinter.x86_64                           3.9.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
python3-unbound.x86_64                           1.13.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
python3-urllib3.noarch                           1.25.10-5.fc34                         @updates                                       
python3-yui.x86_64                               2.0.2-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
qalculate.x86_64                                 3.19.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
qbittorrent.x86_64                               1:4.3.8-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
qca-qt5.x86_64                                   2.3.1-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
qca-qt5-ossl.x86_64                              2.3.1-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
qgpgme.x86_64                                    1.15.1-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qpdf.x86_64                                      10.3.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                 10.3.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
qqc2-desktop-style.x86_64                        5.85.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
qrencode-libs.x86_64                             4.0.2-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
qrupdate.x86_64                                  1.1.2-22.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qscintilla-qt5.x86_64                            2.11.5-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt.x86_64                                        1:4.8.7-60.fc34                        @fedora                                        
qt-at-spi.x86_64                                 0.3.1-21.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt-common.noarch                                 1:4.8.7-60.fc34                        @fedora                                        
qt-settings.noarch                               34.7-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
qt-x11.x86_64                                    1:4.8.7-60.fc34                        @fedora                                        
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                           5.15.2-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                5.15.2-22.fc34                         @updates                                       
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                         5.15.2-22.fc34                         @updates                                       
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                            5.15.2-22.fc34                         @updates                                       
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                          5.15.2-22.fc34                         @updates                                       
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                        5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                         5.15.2-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                    5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                        5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                            5.15.2-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                          5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtnetworkauth.x86_64                         5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                       5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                      5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                              5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                             5.15.2-4.fc34                          @updates                                       
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                          5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtspeech.x86_64                              5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.x86_64                      5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                 5.15.2-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qttools.x86_64                               5.15.2-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                        5.15.2-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                 5.15.2-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                     5.15.2-5.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard.x86_64                     5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                             5.15.2-11.fc34                         @updates                                       
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                          5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtwebengine.x86_64                           5.15.5-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
qt5-qtwebkit.x86_64                              5.212.0-0.59.alpha4.fc34               @updates                                       
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                          5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                           5.15.2-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                         5.15.2-4.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                           5.15.2-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
qtlockedfile-qt5.x86_64                          2.4-34.20150629git5a07df5.fc34         @fedora                                        
qtsingleapplication-qt5.x86_64                   2.6.1-41.fc34                          @fedora                                        
quazip-qt5.x86_64                                0.7.6-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
quota.x86_64                                     1:4.06-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
quota-nls.noarch                                 1:4.06-4.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ranger.noarch                                    1.9.3-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
raptor2.x86_64                                   2.0.15-28.fc34                         @fedora                                        
rasqal.x86_64                                    0.9.33-16.fc34                         @fedora                                        
rav1e-libs.x86_64                                0.4.1-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
rb_libtorrent.x86_64                             1.2.13-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
re2.x86_64                                       1:20190801-8.fc34                      @fedora                                        
readline.x86_64                                  8.1-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
realmd.x86_64                                    0.17.0-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                           4.1-53.fc34                            @updates                                       
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                4.1-53.fc34                            @updates                                       
redhat-menus.noarch                              12.0.2-19.fc34                         @fedora                                        
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                         183-3.fc34                             @updates                                       
redland.x86_64                                   1.0.17-26.fc34                         @fedora                                        
reiserfs-utils.x86_64                            2:3.6.27-4.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rest.x86_64                                      0.8.1-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
rhash.x86_64                                     1.4.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
rofi.x86_64                                      1.6.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
rofi-themes.noarch                               1.6.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
rootfiles.noarch                                 8.1-29.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
rpcbind.x86_64                                   1.2.6-0.fc34                           @updates                                       
rpm.x86_64                                       4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                            4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rpm-libs.x86_64                                  4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                        4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                             4.16.1.3-1.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
rpmautospec-rpm-macros.noarch                    0.2.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
rpmfusion-free-appstream-data.noarch             34-2.fc34                              @rpmfusion-free                                
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                    34-1                                   @@commandline                                  
rpmfusion-nonfree-appstream-data.noarch          34-2.fc34                              @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
rpmfusion-nonfree-release.noarch                 34-1                                   @@commandline                                  
rstudio.x86_64                                   1.4.1717-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
rstudio-desktop.x86_64                           1.4.1717-2.fc34                        @updates                                       
rsync.x86_64                                     3.2.3-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
rsyslog.x86_64                                   8.2102.0-3.fc34                        @updates                                       
rtkit.x86_64                                     0.11-26.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
rubberband.x86_64                                1.9.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
ruby.x86_64                                      3.0.2-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
ruby-default-gems.noarch                         3.0.2-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
ruby-libs.x86_64                                 3.0.2-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                        3.0.0-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
rubygem-bundler.noarch                           2.2.22-149.fc34                        @updates                                       
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                        0.5.7-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
rubygem-json.x86_64                              2.5.1-201.fc34                         @fedora                                        
rubygem-psych.x86_64                             3.3.0-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                              6.3.1-149.fc34                         @updates                                       
rubygems.noarch                                  3.2.22-149.fc34                        @updates                                       
rubypick.noarch                                  1.1.1-14.fc34                          @fedora                                        
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                          18-1.fc34                              @updates                                       
rxvt-unicode.x86_64                              9.26-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
rygel.x86_64                                     0.40.1-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
sac.noarch                                       1.3-35.fc34                            @fedora                                        
samba-client.x86_64                              2:4.14.7-0.fc34                        @updates                                       
samba-client-libs.x86_64                         2:4.14.7-0.fc34                        @updates                                       
samba-common.noarch                              2:4.14.7-0.fc34                        @updates                                       
samba-common-libs.x86_64                         2:4.14.7-0.fc34                        @updates                                       
sane-airscan.x86_64                              0.99.26-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
sane-backends.x86_64                             1.0.32-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64             1.0.32-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64            1.0.32-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                        1.0.32-5.fc34                          @updates                                       
satyr.x86_64                                     0.38-2.fc34                            @updates                                       
sddm.x86_64                                      0.19.0-13.fc34                         @fedora                                        
sddm-breeze.noarch                               5.22.4-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
sddm-kcm.x86_64                                  5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
sed.x86_64                                       4.8-7.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
selinux-policy.noarch                            34.18-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                   34.18-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
serd.x86_64                                      0.30.10-2.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
setroubleshoot.x86_64                            3.3.26-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                    3.3.14-2.fc34                          @updates                                       
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                     3.3.26-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
setup.noarch                                     2.13.7-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
setxkbmap.x86_64                                 1.3.2-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
sgml-common.noarch                               0.6.3-56.fc34                          @fedora                                        
sgpio.x86_64                                     1.2.0.10-28.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
shadow-utils.x86_64                              2:4.8.1-9.fc34                         @updates                                       
shared-mime-info.x86_64                          2.1-2.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
shim-ia32.x86_64                                 15.4-4                                 @anaconda                                      
shim-x64.x86_64                                  15.4-4                                 @anaconda                                      
signon.x86_64                                    8.60-8.fc34                            @fedora                                        
signon-plugin-oauth2.x86_64                      0.24-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
signon-ui.x86_64                                 0.15-15.fc34                           @fedora                                        
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                      1.200-21.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                         1.000-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                           2.200-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                          3.003-7.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
simple-mtpfs.x86_64                              0.2-17.fc34                            @fedora                                        
simple-scan.x86_64                               40.1-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
slang.x86_64                                     2.3.2-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
smartmontools.x86_64                             1:7.2-7.fc34                           @updates                                       
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                     1:7.2-7.fc34                           @updates                                       
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                           7.0.3-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
snappy.x86_64                                    1.1.8-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
sni-qt.x86_64                                    0.2.7-0.8.20170217.fc34                @fedora                                        
socat.x86_64                                     1.7.4.1-2.fc34                         @fedora                                        
soci.x86_64                                      4.0.1.alpha2-8.fc34                    @fedora                                        
soci-postgresql.x86_64                           4.0.1.alpha2-8.fc34                    @fedora                                        
soci-sqlite3.x86_64                              4.0.1.alpha2-8.fc34                    @fedora                                        
sombok.x86_64                                    2.4.0-14.fc34                          @fedora                                        
sord.x86_64                                      0.16.6-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
sos.noarch                                       4.1-1.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                   0.8-15.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
soundtouch.x86_64                                2.1.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
source-highlight.x86_64                          3.1.9-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
soxr.x86_64                                      0.1.3-9.fc34                           @fedora                                        
spax.x86_64                                      1.6-4.fc34                             @fedora                                        
spectacle.x86_64                                 21.04.1-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                         0.10.2-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64               0.10.2-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
speex.x86_64                                     1.2.0-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                          2020.5-5.20201208.gitb27b1af.fc34      @fedora                                        
sqlite.x86_64                                    3.34.1-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
sqlite-libs.x86_64                               3.34.1-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
squashfs-tools.x86_64                            4.5-2.fc34                             @updates                                       
sratom.x86_64                                    0.6.6-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
srt-libs.x86_64                                  1.4.2-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
sssd.x86_64                                      2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-ad.x86_64                                   2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-client.x86_64                               2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-common.x86_64                               2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                           2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                  2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                  2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                 2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                          2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                 2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                            2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                2.5.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
st.x86_64                                        0.8.4-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
startup-notification.x86_64                      0.12-21.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
stix-fonts.noarch                                2.0.2-9.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
stoken-libs.x86_64                               0.92-4.fc34                            @fedora                                        
sudo.x86_64                                      1.9.5p2-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                        1.9.5p2-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
suil.x86_64                                      0.10.8-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
suitesparse.x86_64                               5.4.0-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
suitesparse64.x86_64                             5.4.0-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
sundials.x86_64                                  5.6.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
surf.x86_64                                      2.0-11.fc34                            @fedora                                        
svt-av1-libs.x86_64                              0.8.7-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
switcheroo-control.x86_64                        2.4-2.fc34                             @fedora                                        
symlinks.x86_64                                  1.7-4.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
syslinux.x86_64                                  6.04-0.17.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                         6.04-0.17.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                6.04-0.17.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                         6.04-0.17.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                     3.40.1-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
system-config-language.noarch                    3.5.0-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
system-config-printer.x86_64                     1.5.15-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                1.5.15-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                1.5.15-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
systemd.x86_64                                   248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
systemd-libs.x86_64                              248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
systemd-networkd.x86_64                          248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
systemd-oomd-defaults.x86_64                     248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
systemd-pam.x86_64                               248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                        248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
systemd-udev.x86_64                              248.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
t1utils.x86_64                                   1.42-2.fc34                            @fedora                                        
taglib.x86_64                                    1.12-4.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
tar.x86_64                                       2:1.34-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
tbb.x86_64                                       2020.3-7.fc34                          @updates                                       
tcl.x86_64                                       1:8.6.10-5.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
tcl-devel.x86_64                                 1:8.6.10-5.fc34                        @fedora                                        
tcpdump.x86_64                                   14:4.99.1-1.fc34                       @updates                                       
teamd.x86_64                                     1.31-3.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
teckit.x86_64                                    2.5.9-6.fc34                           @fedora                                        
tex-preview.noarch                               12.3-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
texinfo.x86_64                                   6.7-10.fc34                            @fedora                                        
texinfo-tex.x86_64                               6.7-10.fc34                            @fedora                                        
texlive-12many.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-2up.noarch                               9:svn41578-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ESIEEcv.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-GS1.noarch                               9:svn44822-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-HA-prosper.noarch                        9:svn15878.4.21-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-IEEEconf.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-IEEEtran.noarch                          9:svn51065-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-MemoirChapStyles-doc.noarch              9:svn25918.1.7e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-SIstyle.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-SIunits.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.36-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-Tabbing.noarch                           9:svn17022.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-Type1fonts-doc.noarch                    9:svn19603.2.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-a0poster.noarch                          9:svn54071-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-a2ping.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-a4wide.noarch                            9:svn20943.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-a5comb.noarch                            9:svn17020.4-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-aaai-named.noarch                        9:svn52470-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-aastex.noarch                            9:svn51836-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-abbr.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-abc.noarch                               9:svn41157-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-abnt.noarch                              9:svn54927-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-abntex2.noarch                           9:svn49248-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-abraces.noarch                           9:svn27880.2-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-abstract.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-abstyles.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-academicons.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-accanthis.noarch                         9:svn32089.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-accents.noarch                           9:svn51497-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-accessibility.noarch                     9:svn52650-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-accfonts.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-accsupp.noarch                           9:svn53052-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-achemso.noarch                           9:svn50025-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-acmart.noarch                            9:svn53899-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-acmconf.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-acro.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-acronym.noarch                           9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-acroterm.noarch                          9:svn20498.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-active-conf.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-actuarialangle.noarch                    9:svn51376-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-actuarialsymbol.noarch                   9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-addfont.noarch                           9:svn41972-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-addliga.noarch                           9:svn50912-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-addlines.noarch                          9:svn49326-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adfathesis.noarch                        9:svn26048.2.42-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-adforn.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adfsymbols.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adhocfilelist.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adigraph.noarch                          9:svn49862-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adjmulticol.noarch                       9:svn54157-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                         9:svn49596-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adobemapping.noarch                      9:svn51787-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adrconv.noarch                           9:svn46817-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-adtrees.noarch                           9:svn51618-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-advdate.noarch                           9:svn20538.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ae.noarch                                9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-aeguill.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-afm2pl.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-afparticle.noarch                        9:svn35900.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-afthesis.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-aguplus.noarch                           9:svn17156.1.6b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-aiaa.noarch                              9:svn15878.3.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-aichej.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ajl.noarch                               9:svn34016.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-akktex.noarch                            9:svn26055.0.3.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-akletter.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.5i-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-alegreya.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-aleph.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-alertmessage.noarch                      9:svn38055.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-alg.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-algobox.noarch                           9:svn52204-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-algolrevived.noarch                      9:svn56788-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-algorithm2e.noarch                       9:svn44846-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-algorithmicx.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-algorithms.noarch                        9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-algxpar.noarch                           9:svn52758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-aligned-overset.noarch                   9:svn47290-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-alkalami.noarch                          9:svn44497-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-allrunes.noarch                          9:svn42221-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-almendra.noarch                          9:svn56035-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-almfixed.noarch                          9:svn35065.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-alnumsec.noarch                          9:svn15878.v0.03-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-alpha-persian.noarch                     9:svn50316-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-alphalph.noarch                          9:svn53087-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-altfont.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ametsoc.noarch                           9:svn36030.4.3.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-amiri.noarch                             9:svn52218-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amsaddr.noarch                           9:svn29630.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-amscdx.noarch                            9:svn51532-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amscls.noarch                            9:svn46099-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amscls-doc.noarch                        9:svn46110-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                          9:svn29208.3.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-amslatex-primer-doc.noarch               9:svn28980.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-amsldoc-it-doc.noarch                    9:svn45662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amsldoc-vn-doc.noarch                    9:svn21855.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-amsmath.noarch                           9:svn53640-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amsmath-it-doc.noarch                    9:svn22930.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-amsrefs.noarch                           9:svn30646.2.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-amstex.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-amsthdoc-it-doc.noarch                   9:svn45662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-animate.noarch                           9:svn54874-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-annee-scolaire.noarch                    9:svn54675-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-annotate.noarch                          9:svn52824-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-anonchap.noarch                          9:svn17049.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-anonymouspro.noarch                      9:svn51631-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-answers.noarch                           9:svn35032.2.16-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-antiqua.noarch                           9:svn24266.001.003-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-antomega.noarch                          9:svn21933.0.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-antt.noarch                              9:svn18651.2.08-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-anufinalexam-doc.noarch                  9:svn26053.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                       9:svn17050.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-anysize.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-aobs-tikz.noarch                         9:svn32662.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-aomart.noarch                            9:svn46091-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apa.noarch                               9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apa6.noarch                              9:svn53406-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apa6e.noarch                             9:svn23350.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-apa7.noarch                              9:svn54775-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apacite.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apalike-german.noarch                    9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apalike2.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apnum.noarch                             9:svn47510-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-appendix.noarch                          9:svn53718-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-appendixnumberbeamer.noarch              9:svn46317-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apprendre-a-programmer-en-tex.noarch     9:svn50933-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-apprends-latex-doc.noarch                9:svn19306.4.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-apptools.noarch                          9:svn28400.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-apxproof.noarch                          9:svn52324-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arabi.noarch                             9:svn44662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arabi-add.noarch                         9:svn37709-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arabicfront.noarch                       9:svn51474-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arabluatex.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arabtex.noarch                           9:svn25711.3.17-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                         9:svn38299.1.2.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-aramaic-serto.noarch                     9:svn30042.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-arara.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-archaeologie.noarch                      9:svn53813-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-archaic.noarch                           9:svn38005.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-arcs.noarch                              9:svn15878.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-arev.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-arimo.noarch                             9:svn42880-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-armtex.noarch                            9:svn33894.3.0_beta3-39.fc34           @updates                                       
texlive-around-the-bend-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-arphic.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-arphic-ttf.noarch                        9:svn42675-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arraycols.noarch                         9:svn51491-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arrayjobx.noarch                         9:svn18125.1.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-arraysort.noarch                         9:svn31576.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-arsclassica.noarch                       9:svn45656-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-articleingud.noarch                      9:svn38741-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-arydshln.noarch                          9:svn50084-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-asaetr.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-asana-math.noarch                        9:svn50999-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-asapsym.noarch                           9:svn40201-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ascelike.noarch                          9:svn29129.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ascii-chart-doc.noarch                   9:svn20536.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ascii-font.noarch                        9:svn29989.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-asciilist.noarch                         9:svn49060-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ascmac.noarch                            9:svn53411-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-askinclude.noarch                        9:svn54725-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-askmaps.noarch                           9:svn32320.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-asmeconf.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-asmejour.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-aspectratio.noarch                       9:svn25243.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-assignment.noarch                        9:svn20431.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-assoccnt.noarch                          9:svn38497-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-astro.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-asyfig.noarch                            9:svn17512.0.1c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-asymptote-by-example-zh-cn-doc.noarch    9:svn15878-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-asymptote-faq-zh-cn-doc.noarch           9:svn15878-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-asymptote-manual-zh-cn-doc.noarch        9:svn15878-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-asypictureb.noarch                       9:svn33490.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                          9:svn53051-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-atenddvi.noarch                          9:svn53107-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-attachfile.noarch                        9:svn42099-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-atveryend.noarch                         9:svn53108-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-aucklandthesis.noarch                    9:svn51323-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-augie.noarch                             9:svn18948.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-auncial-new.noarch                       9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-aurical.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-aurl.noarch                              9:svn41853-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-authoraftertitle.noarch                  9:svn24863.0.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-authorarchive.noarch                     9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-authordate.noarch                        9:svn52564-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-authorindex.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-auto-pst-pdf.noarch                      9:svn52849-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-auto-pst-pdf-lua.noarch                  9:svn54779-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-autoaligne.noarch                        9:svn49092-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-autoarea.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-autobreak.noarch                         9:svn43337-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-autofancyhdr.noarch                      9:svn54049-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-automata.noarch                          9:svn19717.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-autonum.noarch                           9:svn36084.0.3.11-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-autopdf.noarch                           9:svn32377.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-autosp.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-auxhook.noarch                           9:svn53173-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-avantgar.noarch                          9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-avremu.noarch                            9:svn35373.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                        9:svn51776-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-axessibility.noarch                      9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-axodraw2.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-b1encoding.noarch                        9:svn21271.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-babel.noarch                             9:svn54487-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-albanian.noarch                    9:svn30254.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-azerbaijani.noarch                 9:svn44197-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-basque.noarch                      9:svn30256.1.0f-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-belarusian.noarch                  9:svn49022-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-bosnian.noarch                     9:svn38174.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-babel-breton.noarch                      9:svn30257.1.0h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-bulgarian.noarch                   9:svn31902.1.2g-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-catalan.noarch                     9:svn30259.2.2p-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-croatian.noarch                    9:svn35198.1.3l-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-czech.noarch                       9:svn30261.3.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-danish.noarch                      9:svn30262.1.3r-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-dutch.noarch                       9:svn30263.3.8i-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-english.noarch                     9:svn44495-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-esperanto.noarch                   9:svn30265.1.4t-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-estonian.noarch                    9:svn38064.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-finnish.noarch                     9:svn54771-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-french.noarch                      9:svn54787-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-friulan.noarch                     9:svn39861-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-galician.noarch                    9:svn30270.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-babel-georgian.noarch                    9:svn45864-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-german.noarch                      9:svn49391-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-greek.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-hebrew.noarch                      9:svn30273.2.3h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-hungarian.noarch                   9:svn49701-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-icelandic.noarch                   9:svn51551-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-indonesian.noarch                  9:svn43235-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-interlingua.noarch                 9:svn30276.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-babel-irish.noarch                       9:svn30277.1.0h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-italian.noarch                     9:svn53019-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-japanese.noarch                    9:svn50735-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-kurmanji.noarch                    9:svn30279.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-babel-latin.noarch                       9:svn38173.3.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-babel-latvian.noarch                     9:svn46681-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-macedonian.noarch                  9:svn39587-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-malay.noarch                       9:svn43234-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-norsk.noarch                       9:svn30281.2.0i-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-occitan.noarch                     9:svn39608-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-piedmontese.noarch                 9:svn30282.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-babel-polish.noarch                      9:svn30283.1.2l-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-portuges.noarch                    9:svn30284.1.2q-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-romanian.noarch                    9:svn30285.1.2l-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-romansh.noarch                     9:svn30286.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-babel-russian.noarch                     9:svn45007-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-samin.noarch                       9:svn30288.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-scottish.noarch                    9:svn30289.1.0g-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-serbian.noarch                     9:svn53140-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-serbianc.noarch                    9:svn53139-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-slovak.noarch                      9:svn30292.3.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-slovenian.noarch                   9:svn30351.1.2i-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-sorbian.noarch                     9:svn30294-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-spanish.noarch                     9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-swedish.noarch                     9:svn30296.2.3d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babel-thai.noarch                        9:svn30564.1.0.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-babel-turkish.noarch                     9:svn51560-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-ukrainian.noarch                   9:svn47585-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-vietnamese.noarch                  9:svn39246-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-babel-welsh.noarch                       9:svn38372.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-babelbib.noarch                          9:svn50354-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-background.noarch                        9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-backnaur.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-baekmuk.noarch                           9:svn42106-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bagpipe.noarch                           9:svn34393.3.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bangorcsthesis.noarch                    9:svn48834-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bangorexam.noarch                        9:svn46626-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bangtex.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bankstatement.noarch                     9:svn38857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-barcodes.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bardiag.noarch                           9:svn22013.0.4a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-barr.noarch                              9:svn38479-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-barracuda.noarch                         9:svn53683-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bartel-chess-fonts.noarch                9:svn20619.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-base.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bashful.noarch                           9:svn25597.0.93-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-basicarith.noarch                        9:svn35460.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-baskervald.noarch                        9:svn19490.1.016-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-baskervaldx.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-baskervillef.noarch                      9:svn55475-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-basque-book.noarch                       9:svn32924.1.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-basque-date.noarch                       9:svn26477.1.05-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bath-bst.noarch                          9:svn53422-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bbcard.noarch                            9:svn19440.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bbding.noarch                            9:svn17186.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bbm.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bbm-macros.noarch                        9:svn17224.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bbold.noarch                             9:svn17187.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bbold-type1.noarch                       9:svn33143.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bchart.noarch                            9:svn43928-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bclogo.noarch                            9:svn39364-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamer.noarch                            9:svn54841-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamer-FUBerlin-doc.noarch               9:svn38159.0.02b-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-beamer-rl.noarch                         9:svn52284-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamer-tut-pt-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-beamer-verona.noarch                     9:svn39180-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamer2thesis.noarch                     9:svn27539.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beameraudience.noarch                    9:svn23427.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beamerauxtheme.noarch                    9:svn51053-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamercolorthemeowl.noarch               9:svn40105-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamerdarkthemes.noarch                  9:svn35101.0.4.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-beamerposter.noarch                      9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamersubframe.noarch                    9:svn23510.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beamerswitch.noarch                      9:svn53467-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-cuerna.noarch                9:svn42161-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-detlevcm.noarch              9:svn39048-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-epyt.noarch                  9:svn41404-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-focus.noarch                 9:svn54772-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-light.noarch                 9:svn49867-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-metropolis.noarch            9:svn43031-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-npbt.noarch                  9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-phnompenh.noarch             9:svn39100-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-saintpetersburg.noarch       9:svn45877-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beamertheme-upenn-bc.noarch              9:svn29937.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beamerthemejltree.noarch                 9:svn21977.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beamerthemenirma.noarch                  9:svn20765.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bearwear.noarch                          9:svn54826-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-beebe.noarch                             9:svn54760-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-begingreek.noarch                        9:svn36294.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-begriff.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beilstein.noarch                         9:svn53925-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-belleek.noarch                           9:svn18651.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bengali.noarch                           9:svn20987.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bera.noarch                              9:svn20031.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-berenisadf.noarch                        9:svn32215.1.004-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-besjournals.noarch                       9:svn45662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bestpapers.noarch                        9:svn38708-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-betababel.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-beton.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-beuron.noarch                            9:svn46374-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bewerbung.noarch                         9:svn37880.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bez123.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bezierplot.noarch                        9:svn51398-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bgteubner.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bguq.noarch                              9:svn27401.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bhcexam.noarch                           9:svn39041-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bib-fr.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bib2gls.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibarts.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibexport.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibhtml.noarch                           9:svn31607.2.0.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex.noarch                          9:svn53063-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-abnt.noarch                     9:svn49179-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-ajc2020unofficial.noarch        9:svn54401-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-anonymous.noarch                9:svn48548-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-apa.noarch                      9:svn54896-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-apa6.noarch                     9:svn54995-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-archaeology.noarch              9:svn53281-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-arthistory-bonn.noarch          9:svn46637-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-bath.noarch                     9:svn53424-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-bookinarticle.noarch            9:svn40323-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-bookinother.noarch              9:svn54015-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-bwl.noarch                      9:svn26556.0.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-caspervector.noarch             9:svn52802-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-cheatsheet-doc.noarch           9:svn44685-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-chem.noarch                     9:svn53012-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-chicago.noarch                  9:svn54809-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-claves.noarch                   9:svn43723-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-dw.noarch                       9:svn42649-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-enc.noarch                      9:svn44627-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-ext.noarch                      9:svn54327-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-fiwi.noarch                     9:svn45876-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-gb7714-2015.noarch              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-german-legal.noarch             9:svn54297-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-gost.noarch                     9:svn53916-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-historian.noarch                9:svn19787.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-ieee.noarch                     9:svn53931-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-ijsra.noarch                    9:svn41634-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-iso690.noarch                   9:svn54561-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-jura2.noarch                    9:svn53243-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-juradiss.noarch                 9:svn54515-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-lni.noarch                      9:svn49935-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-luh-ipw.noarch                  9:svn32180.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-manuscripts-philology.noarch    9:svn53344-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-mla.noarch                      9:svn42445-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-morenames.noarch                9:svn43049-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-multiple-dm.noarch              9:svn37081.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-musuos.noarch                   9:svn24097.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-nature.noarch                   9:svn48940-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-nejm.noarch                     9:svn49839-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-nottsclassic.noarch             9:svn41596-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-opcit-booktitle.noarch          9:svn48983-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-oxref.noarch                    9:svn53571-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-philosophy.noarch               9:svn47283-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-phys.noarch                     9:svn53013-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-publist.noarch                  9:svn50989-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-realauthor.noarch               9:svn45865-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-sbl.noarch                      9:svn49426-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-science.noarch                  9:svn48945-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-shortfields.noarch              9:svn45858-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-socialscienceshuberlin.noarch   9:svn47839-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-software.noarch                 9:svn54950-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-source-division.noarch          9:svn45379-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-subseries.noarch                9:svn43330-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-swiss-legal.noarch              9:svn32750.1.1.2a-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-trad.noarch                     9:svn46668-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex-true-citepages-omit.noarch      9:svn44653-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblatex2bibitem.noarch                  9:svn54030-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibleref.noarch                          9:svn53090-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibleref-french.noarch                   9:svn53138-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibleref-german.noarch                   9:svn21923.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bibleref-lds.noarch                      9:svn25526.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bibleref-mouth.noarch                    9:svn25527.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bibleref-parse.noarch                    9:svn22054.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bibletext.noarch                         9:svn45196-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biblist.noarch                           9:svn17116.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibtex8.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibtexperllibs.noarch                    9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibtexu.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bibtopicprefix.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bibunits.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bidi.noarch                              9:svn53615-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bidi-atbegshi.noarch                     9:svn35154.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bidicontour.noarch                       9:svn34631.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bidihl.noarch                            9:svn37795.0.1c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bidipagegrid.noarch                      9:svn34632.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bidipresentation.noarch                  9:svn35267.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bidishadowtext.noarch                    9:svn34633.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                           9:svn38248.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                        9:svn53172-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bigints.noarch                           9:svn29803.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-binarytree.noarch                        9:svn41777-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-binomexp.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-biochemistry-colors.noarch               9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-biocon.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-biolett-bst.noarch                       9:svn42217-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bitelist.noarch                          9:svn25779.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bitpattern.noarch                        9:svn39073-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bitset.noarch                            9:svn53837-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bitter.noarch                            9:svn56026-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bizcard.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-blacklettert1.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-blindtext.noarch                         9:svn25039.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-blkarray.noarch                          9:svn36406.0.07-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-blochsphere.noarch                       9:svn38388-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-block.noarch                             9:svn17209.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-blockdraw_mp.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bloques.noarch                           9:svn22490.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-blowup.noarch                            9:svn46213-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-blox.noarch                              9:svn35014.2.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bnumexpr.noarch                          9:svn49643-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bodegraph.noarch                         9:svn20047.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bohr.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-boisik.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-boites.noarch                            9:svn32235.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bold-extra.noarch                        9:svn17076.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-boldtensors.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bondgraph.noarch                         9:svn21670.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bondgraphs.noarch                        9:svn36605.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-bookcover.noarch                         9:svn46410-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bookdb.noarch                            9:svn37536.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bookest.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bookhands.noarch                         9:svn46480-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-booklet.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.7b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bookman.noarch                           9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bookmark.noarch                          9:svn53026-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-booktabs.noarch                          9:svn53402-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-booktabs-de-doc.noarch                   9:svn21907.1.61803-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-booktabs-fr-doc.noarch                   9:svn21948.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-boolexpr.noarch                          9:svn17830.3.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-boondox.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bophook.noarch                           9:svn17062.0.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-borceux.noarch                           9:svn21047.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bosisio.noarch                           9:svn16989.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-boxedminipage.noarch                     9:svn54827-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-boxhandler.noarch                        9:svn28031.1.30-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bpchem.noarch                            9:svn45120-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bpolynomial.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-br-lex.noarch                            9:svn44939-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bracketkey.noarch                        9:svn17129.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-braids.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-braille.noarch                           9:svn20655.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-braket.noarch                            9:svn17127.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-brandeis-dissertation.noarch             9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-brandeis-problemset.noarch               9:svn50991-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-brandeis-thesis.noarch                   9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-breakcites.noarch                        9:svn21014-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-breakurl.noarch                          9:svn29901.1.40-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bredzenie.noarch                         9:svn44371-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-breqn.noarch                             9:svn54801-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bropd.noarch                             9:svn35383.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-brushscr.noarch                          9:svn28363.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-bullcntr.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-bundledoc.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-burmese.noarch                           9:svn25185.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-businesscard-qrcode.noarch               9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bussproofs.noarch                        9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bussproofs-extra.noarch                  9:svn51299-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxbase.noarch                            9:svn44481-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxcalc.noarch                            9:svn52947-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxcjkjatype.noarch                       9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxdpx-beamer.noarch                      9:svn41813-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxdvidriver.noarch                       9:svn43219-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxeepic.noarch                           9:svn30559.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-bxenclose.noarch                         9:svn40213-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxghost.noarch                           9:svn53606-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxjaholiday.noarch                       9:svn49924-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxjalipsum.noarch                        9:svn43369-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxjaprnind.noarch                        9:svn45291-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxjscls.noarch                           9:svn54673-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxnewfont.noarch                         9:svn44173-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxorigcapt.noarch                        9:svn48606-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxpapersize.noarch                       9:svn52304-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxpdfver.noarch                          9:svn54802-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxtexlogo.noarch                         9:svn47230-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bxwareki.noarch                          9:svn51286-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-bytefield.noarch                         9:svn45339-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-c-pascal.noarch                          9:svn18337.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-c90.noarch                               9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cabin.noarch                             9:svn55907-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cachepic.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-caladea.noarch                           9:svn34991.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-calcage.noarch                           9:svn27725.0.90-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-calctab.noarch                           9:svn15878.v0.6.1-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-calculation.noarch                       9:svn35973.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-calculator.noarch                        9:svn33041.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-calligra.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-calligra-type1.noarch                    9:svn24302.001.000-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-callouts.noarch                          9:svn44899-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-calrsfs.noarch                           9:svn17125.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cals.noarch                              9:svn43003-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-calxxxx-yyyy.noarch                      9:svn53290-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cancel.noarch                            9:svn32508.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-canoniclayout.noarch                     9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cantarell.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-capt-of.noarch                           9:svn29803.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-captcont.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-captdef.noarch                           9:svn17353.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-caption.noarch                           9:svn53517-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-carbohydrates.noarch                     9:svn39000-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-carlisle.noarch                          9:svn47876-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-carlito.noarch                           9:svn35002.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-carolmin-ps.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cascade.noarch                           9:svn48200-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cascadilla.noarch                        9:svn25144.1.8.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-cases.noarch                             9:svn54682-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-casyl.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-catchfile.noarch                         9:svn53084-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-catchfilebetweentags.noarch              9:svn21476.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-catcodes.noarch                          9:svn38859-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-catechis.noarch                          9:svn49061-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-catoptions.noarch                        9:svn35069.0.2.7h-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-cbcoptic.noarch                          9:svn16666.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cbfonts.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cbfonts-fd.noarch                        9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cc-pl.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.02.2-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-ccaption.noarch                          9:svn23443.3.2c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ccfonts.noarch                           9:svn54686-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ccicons.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cclicenses.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ccool.noarch                             9:svn54753-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cd.noarch                                9:svn34452.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cd-cover.noarch                          9:svn17121.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cdpbundl.noarch                          9:svn46613-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cell.noarch                              9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cellprops.noarch                         9:svn52205-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cellspace.noarch                         9:svn50374-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-celtic.noarch                            9:svn39797-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-censor.noarch                            9:svn49168-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-centeredline.noarch                      9:svn50971-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cesenaexam.noarch                        9:svn44960-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cfr-initials.noarch                      9:svn36728.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cfr-lm.noarch                            9:svn36195.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-changebar.noarch                         9:svn46919-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-changelayout.noarch                      9:svn16094.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-changelog.noarch                         9:svn54864-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-changepage.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-changes.noarch                           9:svn52838-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chappg.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-chapterfolder.noarch                     9:svn15878.2.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-charter.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-chbibref.noarch                          9:svn17120.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cheatsheet.noarch                        9:svn45069-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-checkcites.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-checkend.noarch                          9:svn51475-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-checklistings.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chem-journal.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-chemarrow.noarch                         9:svn17146.0.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chembst.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.2.5-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-chemcompounds.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-chemcono.noarch                          9:svn17119.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chemexec.noarch                          9:svn21632.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chemfig.noarch                           9:svn54914-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemformula.noarch                       9:svn54158-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemgreek.noarch                         9:svn53437-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemmacros.noarch                        9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemnum.noarch                           9:svn52256-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemplants.noarch                        9:svn52863-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemschemex.noarch                       9:svn46723-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemsec.noarch                           9:svn46972-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chemstyle.noarch                         9:svn31096.2.0m-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cherokee.noarch                          9:svn21046.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-chess.noarch                             9:svn20582.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chess-problem-diagrams.noarch            9:svn53302-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chessboard.noarch                        9:svn51469-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chessfss.noarch                          9:svn19440.1.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-chet.noarch                              9:svn45081-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chextras.noarch                          9:svn27118.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-chicago.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-chicago-annote.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-chickenize.noarch                        9:svn45083-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-childdoc.noarch                          9:svn49543-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chivo.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chkfloat.noarch                          9:svn27473.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chklref.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chktex.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chletter.noarch                          9:svn20060.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                          9:svn47577-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chordbars.noarch                         9:svn49569-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chordbox.noarch                          9:svn51000-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chronology.noarch                        9:svn37934.1.1.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-chronosys.noarch                         9:svn26700.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-chs-physics-report.noarch                9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-chscite.noarch                           9:svn28552.2.9999-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-churchslavonic.noarch                    9:svn42751-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cinzel.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-circ.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-circledsteps.noarch                      9:svn53382-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-circuit-macros.noarch                    9:svn54994-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-circuitikz.noarch                        9:svn54873-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cite.noarch                              9:svn36428.5.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-citeall.noarch                           9:svn45975-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-citeref.noarch                           9:svn47407-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cje.noarch                               9:svn46721-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cjhebrew.noarch                          9:svn43444-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cjk.noarch                               9:svn36951.4.8.4-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-cjk-ko.noarch                            9:svn40373-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cjkpunct.noarch                          9:svn41119-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cjkutils.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clara.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-classics.noarch                          9:svn53671-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-classicthesis.noarch                     9:svn48041-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-classpack.noarch                         9:svn33101.0.77-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cleanthesis.noarch                       9:svn51472-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clearsans.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clefval.noarch                           9:svn16549.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cleveref.noarch                          9:svn47525-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clipboard.noarch                         9:svn47747-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clock.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-clojure-pamphlet.noarch                  9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cloze.noarch                             9:svn41531-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clrdblpg.noarch                          9:svn47511-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clrscode.noarch                          9:svn51136-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clrscode3e.noarch                        9:svn51137-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-clrstrip.noarch                          9:svn53537-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cluttex.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cm.noarch                                9:svn49028-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                            9:svn28250.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cm-mf-extra-bold.noarch                  9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cm-super.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cm-unicode.noarch                        9:svn19445.0.7.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-cmap.noarch                              9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmarrows.noarch                          9:svn24378.v0.9-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cmbright.noarch                          9:svn21107.8.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cmcyr.noarch                             9:svn39273-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmdstring.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cmdtrack.noarch                          9:svn28910-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmexb.noarch                             9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmextra.noarch                           9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmll.noarch                              9:svn17964.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cmpica.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cmpj.noarch                              9:svn51661-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmsd.noarch                              9:svn18787.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cmsrb.noarch                             9:svn54706-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cmtiup.noarch                            9:svn39728-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cnbwp.noarch                             9:svn32550.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cnltx.noarch                             9:svn52601-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cns.noarch                               9:svn45677-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cntformats.noarch                        9:svn34668.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cntperchap.noarch                        9:svn37572.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cochineal.noarch                         9:svn56418-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-codeanatomy.noarch                       9:svn51627-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-codedoc.noarch                           9:svn17630.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-codepage.noarch                          9:svn51502-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-codesection.noarch                       9:svn34481.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-codicefiscaleitaliano.noarch             9:svn29803.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-coelacanth.noarch                        9:svn54736-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collcell.noarch                          9:svn21539.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-collectbox.noarch                        9:svn26557.0.4b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                  9:svn54186-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-bibtexextra.noarch            9:svn54875-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-binextra.noarch               9:svn54732-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-context.noarch                9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-fontsextra.noarch             9:svn54138-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch       9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-fontutils.noarch              9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-formatsextra.noarch           9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-games.noarch                  9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-humanities.noarch             9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langarabic.noarch             9:svn54405-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langchinese.noarch            9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langcjk.noarch                9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langcyrillic.noarch           9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langczechslovak.noarch        9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langenglish.noarch            9:svn54689-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langeuropean.noarch           9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langfrench.noarch             9:svn54675-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langgerman.noarch             9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langgreek.noarch              9:svn54139-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langitalian.noarch            9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langjapanese.noarch           9:svn54894-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langkorean.noarch             9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langother.noarch              9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langpolish.noarch             9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langportuguese.noarch         9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-langspanish.noarch            9:svn54141-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                  9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-latexextra.noarch             9:svn54851-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch       9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-luatex.noarch                 9:svn54741-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-mathscience.noarch            9:svn54754-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-metapost.noarch               9:svn50293-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-music.noarch                  9:svn54666-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-pictures.noarch               9:svn54812-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-plaingeneric.noarch           9:svn54723-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-pstricks.noarch               9:svn54455-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-publishers.noarch             9:svn54407-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-texworks.noarch               9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                  9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-collref.noarch                           9:svn46358-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-colophon.noarch                          9:svn47913-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-colordoc.noarch                          9:svn18270.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-colorinfo.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.3c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-coloring.noarch                          9:svn41042-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                     9:svn49086-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-colorsep.noarch                          9:svn13293.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-colorspace.noarch                        9:svn50585-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-colortab.noarch                          9:svn22155.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-colortbl.noarch                          9:svn53545-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-colorwav.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-colorweb.noarch                          9:svn31490.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-colourchange.noarch                      9:svn21741.1.22-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-combelow.noarch                          9:svn18462.0.99f-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-combine.noarch                           9:svn19361.0.7a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-combinedgraphics.noarch                  9:svn27198.0.2.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-combofont.noarch                         9:svn51348-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-comfortaa.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-comicneue.noarch                         9:svn54891-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-comma.noarch                             9:svn18259.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-commado.noarch                           9:svn38875-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-commath.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-commedit.noarch                          9:svn50116-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-comment.noarch                           9:svn41927-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-compactbib.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-competences.noarch                       9:svn47573-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-complexity.noarch                        9:svn45322-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-components-of-TeX-doc.noarch             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-comprehensive-doc.noarch                 9:svn46270-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-computational-complexity.noarch          9:svn44847-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-concepts.noarch                          9:svn29020.0.0.5_r1-39.fc34            @updates                                       
texlive-concmath.noarch                          9:svn17219.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-concmath-fonts.noarch                    9:svn17218.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-concprog.noarch                          9:svn18791.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-concrete.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-confproc.noarch                          9:svn29349.0.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-constants.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-conteq.noarch                            9:svn37868.0.1.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-context.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-account.noarch                   9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-algorithmic.noarch               9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-animation.noarch                 9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-annotation.noarch                9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-bnf.noarch                       9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-chromato.noarch                  9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-cmscbf.noarch                    9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-cmttbf.noarch                    9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-construction-plan.noarch         9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-cyrillicnumbers.noarch           9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-degrade.noarch                   9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-fancybreak.noarch                9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-filter.noarch                    9:svn54912-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-french.noarch                    9:svn54215-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-fullpage.noarch                  9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-gantt.noarch                     9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-gnuplot.noarch                   9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-handlecsv.noarch                 9:svn51306-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-inifile.noarch                   9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-layout.noarch                    9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-letter.noarch                    9:svn53499-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-lettrine.noarch                  9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-mathsets.noarch                  9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-notes-zh-cn.noarch               9:svn23171.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-context-rst.noarch                       9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-ruby.noarch                      9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-simplefonts.noarch               9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-simpleslides.noarch              9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-title.noarch                     9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-transliterator.noarch            9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-typearea.noarch                  9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-typescripts.noarch               9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-vim.noarch                       9:svn54913-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-context-visualcounter.noarch             9:svn47085-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-continue.noarch                          9:svn49449-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-contour.noarch                           9:svn18950.2.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-contracard.noarch                        9:svn50217-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-conv-xkv.noarch                          9:svn43558-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-convbkmk.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cooking.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.9b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cooking-units.noarch                     9:svn53403-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cookingsymbols.noarch                    9:svn35929.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cool.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.35-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-coollist.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-coolstr.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-coolthms.noarch                          9:svn29062.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cooltooltips.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-coordsys.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-copyedit.noarch                          9:svn37928.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-copyrightbox.noarch                      9:svn24829.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cormorantgaramond.noarch                 9:svn54696-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-correctmathalign.noarch                  9:svn44131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-coseoul.noarch                           9:svn23862.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-countriesofeurope.noarch                 9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-counttexruns.noarch                      9:svn27576.1.00a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-courier.noarch                           9:svn35058.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-courier-scaled.noarch                    9:svn24940.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-courseoutline.noarch                     9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-coursepaper.noarch                       9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-coverpage.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-covington.noarch                         9:svn53303-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cprotect.noarch                          9:svn21209.1.0e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cqubeamer.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cquthesis.noarch                         9:svn52355-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-crbox.noarch                             9:svn29803.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-crimson.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-crimsonpro.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-crop.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-crossreference.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-crossreftools.noarch                     9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-crossrefware.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-crossword.noarch                         9:svn32657.1.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-crosswrd.noarch                          9:svn16896.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cryptocode.noarch                        9:svn49131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cryst.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cs.noarch                                9:svn41553-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-csbulletin.noarch                        9:svn54433-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cslatex.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-csplain.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-csquotes.noarch                          9:svn53041-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-csquotes-de-doc.noarch                   9:svn23371.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-css-colors.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cstex-doc.noarch                         9:svn53767-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cstypo.noarch                            9:svn41986-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-csvmerge.noarch                          9:svn51857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-csvsimple.noarch                         9:svn51010-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctable.noarch                            9:svn38672-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                       9:svn38514-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctan-o-mat.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctan_chk-doc.noarch                      9:svn36304.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ctanbib.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctanify.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctanupload.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctex.noarch                              9:svn54841-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ctex-faq-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ctib.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ctie.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cuisine.noarch                           9:svn34453.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cuprum.noarch                            9:svn49909-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-currency.noarch                          9:svn48990-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-currfile.noarch                          9:svn40725-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-currvita.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cursolatex-doc.noarch                    9:svn24139.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-curve.noarch                             9:svn20745.1.16-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-curve2e.noarch                           9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-curves.noarch                            9:svn45255-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-custom-bib.noarch                        9:svn24729.4.33-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-cutwin.noarch                            9:svn29803.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cv.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cv4tw.noarch                             9:svn34577.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cweb.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cweb-latex.noarch                        9:svn28878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-cweb-old.noarch                          9:svn49271-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cyber.noarch                             9:svn46776-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cybercic.noarch                          9:svn37659.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-cyklop.noarch                            9:svn18651.0.915-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-cyrillic.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-cyrplain.noarch                          9:svn45692-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dad.noarch                               9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dancers.noarch                           9:svn13293.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dantelogo.noarch                         9:svn38599-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dashbox.noarch                           9:svn23425.1.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dashrule.noarch                          9:svn29579.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dashundergaps.noarch                     9:svn53756-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dataref.noarch                           9:svn42883-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datatool.noarch                          9:svn52663-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dateiliste.noarch                        9:svn27974.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-datenumber.noarch                        9:svn18951.0.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-datetime.noarch                          9:svn36650.2.60-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-bahasai.noarch                 9:svn46287-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-basque.noarch                  9:svn47064-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-breton.noarch                  9:svn52647-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-bulgarian.noarch               9:svn47031-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-catalan.noarch                 9:svn47032-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-croatian.noarch                9:svn36682.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-czech.noarch                   9:svn47033-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-danish.noarch                  9:svn47034-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-dutch.noarch                   9:svn47355-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-en-fulltext.noarch             9:svn36705.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-english.noarch                 9:svn52479-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-esperanto.noarch               9:svn47356-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-estonian.noarch                9:svn47565-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-finnish.noarch                 9:svn47047-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-french.noarch                  9:svn43742-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-galician.noarch                9:svn47631-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-german.noarch                  9:svn53125-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-greek.noarch                   9:svn47533-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-hebrew.noarch                  9:svn47534-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-icelandic.noarch               9:svn47501-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-irish.noarch                   9:svn47632-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-it-fulltext.noarch             9:svn54779-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-italian.noarch                 9:svn37146.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-latin.noarch                   9:svn47748-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-lsorbian.noarch                9:svn47749-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-magyar.noarch                  9:svn48266-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-norsk.noarch                   9:svn48267-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-polish.noarch                  9:svn48456-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-portuges.noarch                9:svn48457-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-romanian.noarch                9:svn43743-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-russian.noarch                 9:svn49345-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-samin.noarch                   9:svn49346-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-scottish.noarch                9:svn52101-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-serbian.noarch                 9:svn52893-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-slovak.noarch                  9:svn52281-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-slovene.noarch                 9:svn52282-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-spanish.noarch                 9:svn45785-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-swedish.noarch                 9:svn36700.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-turkish.noarch                 9:svn52331-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-ukrainian.noarch               9:svn47552-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-usorbian.noarch                9:svn52375-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-datetime2-welsh.noarch                   9:svn52553-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dblfloatfix.noarch                       9:svn28983.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dccpaper.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dcpic.noarch                             9:svn30206.5.0.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-ddphonism.noarch                         9:svn52009-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-de-macro.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-decimal.noarch                           9:svn23374.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-decorule.noarch                          9:svn23487.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dehyph.noarch                            9:svn48599-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dehyph-exptl.noarch                      9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dejavu.noarch                            9:svn31771.2.34-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dejavu-otf.noarch                        9:svn45991-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-delim.noarch                             9:svn23974.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-delimseasy.noarch                        9:svn39589-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-delimset.noarch                          9:svn49544-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-delimtxt.noarch                          9:svn16549.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-denisbdoc.noarch                         9:svn54584-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-derivative.noarch                        9:svn53654-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-detex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dhua.noarch                              9:svn24035.0.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-diabetes-logbook.noarch                  9:svn54810-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-diadia.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-diagbox.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-diagmac2.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-diagnose.noarch                          9:svn19387.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dialogl.noarch                           9:svn28946.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dice.noarch                              9:svn28501.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dichokey.noarch                          9:svn17192.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dickimaw-doc.noarch                      9:svn32925.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dictsym.noarch                           9:svn20031.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-diffcoeff.noarch                         9:svn53244-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-digiconfigs.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dijkstra.noarch                          9:svn45256-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-din1505.noarch                           9:svn19441.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dinat.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dinbrief.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dingbat.noarch                           9:svn27918.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-directory.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dirtree.noarch                           9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dirtytalk.noarch                         9:svn20520.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-disser.noarch                            9:svn43417-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ditaa.noarch                             9:svn48932-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dithesis.noarch                          9:svn34295.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dk-bib.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dlfltxb.noarch                           9:svn17337.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dnaseq.noarch                            9:svn17194.0.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dnp.noarch                               9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-doc-pictex-doc.noarch                    9:svn24927.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-docbytex.noarch                          9:svn34294.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-doclicense.noarch                        9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-docmfp.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.2d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-docmute.noarch                           9:svn25741.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-docsurvey-doc.noarch                     9:svn48931-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-doctools.noarch                          9:svn34474.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-documentation.noarch                     9:svn34521.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-doi.noarch                               9:svn48634-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-doipubmed.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-domitian.noarch                          9:svn55286-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dosepsbin.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dot2texi.noarch                          9:svn26237.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dotarrow.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.01a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-dotlessi.noarch                          9:svn51476-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dotseqn.noarch                           9:svn17195.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dottex.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-doublestroke.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.111-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-dowith.noarch                            9:svn38860-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-download.noarch                          9:svn52257-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dox.noarch                               9:svn46011-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dozenal.noarch                           9:svn47680-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dpcircling.noarch                        9:svn54994-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dpfloat.noarch                           9:svn17196.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-dprogress.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-drac.noarch                              9:svn15878.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-draftcopy.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.16-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-draftfigure.noarch                       9:svn44854-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-draftwatermark.noarch                    9:svn54317-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dramatist.noarch                         9:svn35866.1.2e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dratex.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-drawmatrix.noarch                        9:svn44471-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-drawstack.noarch                         9:svn28582.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-drm.noarch                               9:svn38157.4.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-droid.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-droit-fr.noarch                          9:svn39802-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-drs.noarch                               9:svn19232.1.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-drv.noarch                               9:svn29349.0.97-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dsptricks.noarch                         9:svn34724.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dsserif.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dtk.noarch                               9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dtl.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dtxdescribe.noarch                       9:svn51652-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dtxgallery-doc.noarch                    9:svn49504-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dtxgen.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dtxtut-doc.noarch                        9:svn38375.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ducksay.noarch                           9:svn53631-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-duckuments.noarch                        9:svn52271-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-duerer.noarch                            9:svn20741.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-duerer-latex.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-duotenzor.noarch                         9:svn18728.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dutchcal.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvdcoll.noarch                           9:svn15878.v1.1a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-dvgloss.noarch                           9:svn29103.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dvi2tty.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dviasm.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvicopy.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvidvi.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dviincl.noarch                           9:svn29349.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dviinfox.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dviljk.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dviout-util.x86_64                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvipos.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvips.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dvipsconfig.noarch                       9:svn13293.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dynamicnumber.noarch                     9:svn38726-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dynblocks.noarch                         9:svn35193.0.2b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-dynkin-diagrams.noarch                   9:svn54489-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-dyntree.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-e-french.noarch                          9:svn52027-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ean.noarch                               9:svn20851.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ean13isbn.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-easy.noarch                              9:svn19440.0.99-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-easy-todo.noarch                         9:svn32677.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-easyfig.noarch                           9:svn47193-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-easyformat.noarch                        9:svn44543-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-easylist.noarch                          9:svn32661.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-easyreview.noarch                        9:svn38352.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ebezier.noarch                           9:svn15878.4-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ebgaramond.noarch                        9:svn54721-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ebgaramond-maths.noarch                  9:svn52168-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ebong.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ebook.noarch                             9:svn29466.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ebproof.noarch                           9:svn44392-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ebsthesis.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ec.noarch                                9:svn25033.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ecc.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ecclesiastic.noarch                      9:svn38172.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ecgdraw.noarch                           9:svn41617-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ecltree.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-eco.noarch                               9:svn29349.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ecobiblatex.noarch                       9:svn39233-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-econ-bst.noarch                          9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-econometrics.noarch                      9:svn39396-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-economic.noarch                          9:svn32639.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ecothesis.noarch                         9:svn48007-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ecv.noarch                               9:svn24928.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ed.noarch                                9:svn25231.1.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-edfnotes.noarch                          9:svn21540.0.6b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-edmac.noarch                             9:svn15878.3.17-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-edmargin.noarch                          9:svn27599.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ednotes.noarch                           9:svn35829.1.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-eemeir.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-eepic.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-efbox.noarch                             9:svn33236.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-egameps.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-egplot.noarch                            9:svn20617.1.02a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-ehhline.noarch                           9:svn54676-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eiad.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-eiad-ltx.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-eijkhout.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-einfuehrung-doc.noarch                   9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-einfuehrung2-doc.noarch                  9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ejpecp.noarch                            9:svn50761-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ekaia.noarch                             9:svn49594-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elbioimp.noarch                          9:svn21758.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-electrum.noarch                          9:svn19705.1.005_b-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-eledform.noarch                          9:svn38114.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-eledmac.noarch                           9:svn45418-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elegantbook.noarch                       9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elegantnote.noarch                       9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elegantpaper.noarch                      9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elements.noarch                          9:svn52398-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ellipse.noarch                           9:svn39025-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ellipsis.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-elmath.noarch                            9:svn15878.v1.2-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-elocalloc.noarch                         9:svn42712-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elpres.noarch                            9:svn46429-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-els-cas-templates.noarch                 9:svn54317-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elsarticle.noarch                        9:svn50786-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-elteikthesis.noarch                      9:svn53926-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eltex.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-elvish.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-elzcards.noarch                          9:svn51894-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-emarks.noarch                            9:svn24504.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-embedall.noarch                          9:svn51177-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-embedfile.noarch                         9:svn54865-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-embrac.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-emf.noarch                               9:svn42023-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-emisa.noarch                             9:svn46734-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-emoji.noarch                             9:svn54362-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-emojicite.noarch                         9:svn54857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-emp.noarch                               9:svn23483.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-emptypage.noarch                         9:svn18064.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-emulateapj.noarch                        9:svn28469.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-enctex.noarch                            9:svn34957.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-encxvlna.noarch                          9:svn34087.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-endfloat.noarch                          9:svn51003-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-endheads.noarch                          9:svn43750-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-endiagram.noarch                         9:svn34486.0.1d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-endnotes.noarch                          9:svn53319-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-endnotes-hy.noarch                       9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-endnotesj.noarch                         9:svn47703-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-endofproofwd.noarch                      9:svn45116-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-engpron.noarch                           9:svn16558.2-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-engrec.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-engtlc.noarch                            9:svn28571.3.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-enigma.noarch                            9:svn29802.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-enotez.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-enumitem.noarch                          9:svn51423-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-enumitem-zref.noarch                     9:svn21472.1.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-envbig.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-environ.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-envlab.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-epigrafica.noarch                        9:svn17210.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-epigram.noarch                           9:svn20513.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-epigraph.noarch                          9:svn54857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-epigraph-keys.noarch                     9:svn54851-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-epiolmec.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-eplain.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-epsdice.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-epsf.noarch                              9:svn21461.2.7.4-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-epsf-dvipdfmx.noarch                     9:svn35575.2014-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-epsincl.noarch                           9:svn29349.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-epslatex-fr-doc.noarch                   9:svn19440.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-epspdf.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-epspdfconversion.noarch                  9:svn18703.0.61-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                      9:svn53546-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eqell.noarch                             9:svn22931.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-eqexpl.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eqlist.noarch                            9:svn32257.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-eqnalign.noarch                          9:svn43278-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eqname.noarch                            9:svn20678.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-eqnarray.noarch                          9:svn20641.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-eqnnumwarn.noarch                        9:svn45511-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                          9:svn45215-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-erdc.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-erewhon.noarch                           9:svn55705-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-erewhon-math.noarch                      9:svn54769-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-errata.noarch                            9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-erw-l3.noarch                            9:svn53694-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-es-tex-faq-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.97-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-esami.noarch                             9:svn47639-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-esdiff.noarch                            9:svn21385.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-esindex.noarch                           9:svn52342-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-esint.noarch                             9:svn52240-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-esint-type1.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-esk.noarch                               9:svn18115.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-eskd.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-eskdx.noarch                             9:svn29235.0.98-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                           9:svn47694-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-esrelation.noarch                        9:svn37236.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-esstix.noarch                            9:svn22426.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-estcpmm.noarch                           9:svn17335.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-esvect.noarch                            9:svn32098.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-etaremune.noarch                         9:svn15878.v1.2-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-etbb.noarch                              9:svn56390-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-etdipa-doc.noarch                        9:svn36354.2.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-etex.noarch                              9:svn37057.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                          9:svn41784-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                          9:svn53171-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-etextools.noarch                         9:svn20694.3.1415926-39.fc34           @updates                                       
texlive-ethiop.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ethiop-t1.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-etoc.noarch                              9:svn52842-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                          9:svn52153-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-etoolbox-de-doc.noarch                   9:svn21906.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-etsvthor.noarch                          9:svn48186-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-euclideangeometry.noarch                 9:svn54897-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-euenc.noarch                             9:svn19795.0.1h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-euflag.noarch                            9:svn49970-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eukdate.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-euler.noarch                             9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eulerpx.noarch                           9:svn43735-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eulervm.noarch                           9:svn15878.4.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-euro.noarch                              9:svn22191.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-euro-ce.noarch                           9:svn25714-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-europasscv.noarch                        9:svn49703-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-europecv.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-eurosym.noarch                           9:svn17265.1.4_subrfix-39.fc34         @updates                                       
texlive-euxm.noarch                              9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-everyhook.noarch                         9:svn35675.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-everypage.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-exam.noarch                              9:svn46084-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exam-n.noarch                            9:svn42755-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exam-randomizechoices.noarch             9:svn49662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-examdesign.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-example.noarch                           9:svn33398.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-examplep.noarch                          9:svn16916.0.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-exceltex.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-excludeonly.noarch                       9:svn17262.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-exercise.noarch                          9:svn35417.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-exercisebank.noarch                      9:svn50448-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exercisepoints.noarch                    9:svn49590-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exercises.noarch                         9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exframe.noarch                           9:svn53911-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exp-testopt.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-expdlist.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-expex.noarch                             9:svn44499-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-expkv.noarch                             9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-expkv-cs.noarch                          9:svn54939-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-expkv-def.noarch                         9:svn54994-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-export.noarch                            9:svn27206.1.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-expose-expl3-dunkerque-2019.noarch       9:svn54451-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-expressg.noarch                          9:svn29349.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-exsheets.noarch                          9:svn52227-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exsol.noarch                             9:svn48977-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-extarrows.noarch                         9:svn54400-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-exteps.noarch                            9:svn19859.0.41-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-extpfeil.noarch                          9:svn16243.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-extract.noarch                           9:svn52117-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-extsizes.noarch                          9:svn17263.1.4a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-facsimile.noarch                         9:svn21328.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-factura.noarch                           9:svn54803-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-facture.noarch                           9:svn43865-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-facture-belge-simple-sans-tva.noarch     9:svn49004-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-faktor.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fancybox.noarch                          9:svn18304.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fancyhandout.noarch                      9:svn46411-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                          9:svn49886-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fancyhdr-it-doc.noarch                   9:svn21912.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fancylabel.noarch                        9:svn46736-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fancynum.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fancypar.noarch                          9:svn49801-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fancyref.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.9c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fancyslides.noarch                       9:svn36263.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fancytabs.noarch                         9:svn41549-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fancytooltips.noarch                     9:svn27129.1.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                          9:svn53392-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fandol.noarch                            9:svn37889.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fascicules.noarch                        9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fast-diagram.noarch                      9:svn29264.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fbb.noarch                               9:svn55728-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fbithesis.noarch                         9:svn21340.1.2m-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fbox.noarch                              9:svn53320-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fbs.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fc.noarch                                9:svn32796.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fcavtex.noarch                           9:svn38074.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fcltxdoc.noarch                          9:svn24500.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fcolumn.noarch                           9:svn50937-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fdsymbol.noarch                          9:svn26722.0.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fduthesis.noarch                         9:svn50738-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-featpost.noarch                          9:svn35346.0.8.8-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-fei.noarch                               9:svn54178-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fenixpar.noarch                          9:svn24730.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fetamont.noarch                          9:svn43812-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fetchcls.noarch                          9:svn45245-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-feupphdteses.noarch                      9:svn30962.4.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fewerfloatpages.noarch                   9:svn53779-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-feyn.noarch                              9:svn45679-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-feynmf.noarch                            9:svn17259.1.08-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-feynmp-auto.noarch                       9:svn30223.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ffslides.noarch                          9:svn38895-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fge.noarch                               9:svn37628.1.25-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fgruler.noarch                           9:svn42966-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fibeamer.noarch                          9:svn53146-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fifinddo-info-doc.noarch                 9:svn29349.1.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fifo-stack.noarch                        9:svn33288.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fig4latex.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-figbas.noarch                            9:svn28943.1.0.3-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-figbib.noarch                            9:svn19388.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-figflow.noarch                           9:svn21462.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-figsize.noarch                           9:svn18784.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-filecontents.noarch                      9:svn52142-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-filecontentsdef.noarch                   9:svn52208-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-filedate.noarch                          9:svn29529.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-filehook.noarch                          9:svn53655-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fileinfo.noarch                          9:svn28421.0.81a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-filemod.noarch                           9:svn24042.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-finbib.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-findhyph.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fink.noarch                              9:svn24329.2.2.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-finstrut.noarch                          9:svn21719.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fira.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-firamath.noarch                          9:svn53388-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-firamath-otf.noarch                      9:svn50732-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-first-latex-doc-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fitbox.noarch                            9:svn50088-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fithesis.noarch                          9:svn54483-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fix2col.noarch                           9:svn38770-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fixcmex.noarch                           9:svn51825-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fixfoot.noarch                           9:svn17131.0.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fixjfm.noarch                            9:svn47113-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                        9:svn21631.1a-39.fc34                  @updates                                       
texlive-fixltxhyph.noarch                        9:svn25832.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fixme.noarch                             9:svn49591-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fixmetodonotes.noarch                    9:svn30168.0.2.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-fixpdfmag.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fiziko.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fjodor.noarch                            9:svn53207-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-flabels.noarch                           9:svn17272.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-flacards.noarch                          9:svn19440.0.1.1b-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-flagderiv.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-flashcards.noarch                        9:svn19667.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-flashmovie.noarch                        9:svn25768.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-flipbook.noarch                          9:svn25584.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-flippdf.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-float.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-floatflt.noarch                          9:svn25540.1.31-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-floatrow.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.3b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-flowchart.noarch                         9:svn36572.3.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-flowfram.noarch                          9:svn35291.1.17-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fltpoint.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fmp.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                          9:svn53912-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fn2end.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fnbreak.noarch                           9:svn25003.1.30-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fncychap.noarch                          9:svn20710.v1.34-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-fncylab.noarch                           9:svn52090-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fnpara.noarch                            9:svn25607.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fnpct.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fnspe.noarch                             9:svn45360-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fntproof.noarch                          9:svn20638.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fnumprint.noarch                         9:svn29173.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-foekfont.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-foilhtml.noarch                          9:svn21855.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fonetika.noarch                          9:svn21326.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-font-change.noarch                       9:svn40403-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-font-change-xetex.noarch                 9:svn40404-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                       9:svn48145-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontawesome5.noarch                      9:svn54517-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontaxes.noarch                          9:svn33276.1.0d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fontbook.noarch                          9:svn23608.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fontch.noarch                            9:svn17859.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fontinst.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontmfizz.noarch                         9:svn43546-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontname.noarch                          9:svn53228-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontools.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fonts-churchslavonic.noarch              9:svn43121-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontsetup.noarch                         9:svn53195-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontsize.noarch                          9:svn53874-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontspec.noarch                          9:svn53860-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fonttable.noarch                         9:svn44799-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontware.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-footbib.noarch                           9:svn17115.2.0.7-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-footmisc.noarch                          9:svn23330.5.5b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-footmisx.noarch                          9:svn42621-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-footnotebackref.noarch                   9:svn27034.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                     9:svn52676-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-footnoterange.noarch                     9:svn52910-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-footnpag.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-forarray.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-foreign.noarch                           9:svn27819.2.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-forest.noarch                            9:svn44797-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-forest-quickstart-doc.noarch             9:svn42503-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-forloop.noarch                           9:svn15878.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-formation-latex-ul.noarch                9:svn50205-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-formlett.noarch                          9:svn21480.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-forms16be.noarch                         9:svn51305-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-formular.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-forum.noarch                             9:svn56025-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fouridx.noarch                           9:svn32214.2.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fourier.noarch                           9:svn54090-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fouriernc.noarch                         9:svn29646.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fp.noarch                                9:svn49719-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fpl.noarch                               9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fragmaster.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fragments.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-frame.noarch                             9:svn18312.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-framed.noarch                            9:svn26789.0.96-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-francais-bst.noarch                      9:svn38922-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-frankenstein.noarch                      9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-frcursive.noarch                         9:svn24559.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-frederika2016.noarch                     9:svn42157-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-frege.noarch                             9:svn27417.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-frenchmath.noarch                        9:svn51192-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-frletter.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-frontespizio.noarch                      9:svn24054.1.4a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ftc-notebook.noarch                      9:svn50043-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ftcap.noarch                             9:svn17275.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ftnxtra.noarch                           9:svn29652.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fullblck.noarch                          9:svn25434.1.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-fullminipage.noarch                      9:svn34545.0.1.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-fullwidth.noarch                         9:svn24684.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-functan.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fundus-calligra.noarch                   9:svn26018.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fundus-cyr.noarch                        9:svn26019.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-fundus-sueterlin.noarch                  9:svn26030.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-fvextra.noarch                           9:svn49947-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-fwlw.noarch                              9:svn29803.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-g-brief.noarch                           9:svn50415-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gaceta.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.06-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-galois.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gamebook.noarch                          9:svn24714.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gammas.noarch                            9:svn50012-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-garamond-libre.noarch                    9:svn55166-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-garamond-math.noarch                     9:svn52820-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-garrigues.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                        9:svn37677.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gastex.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gatech-thesis.noarch                     9:svn19886.1.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gates.noarch                             9:svn29803.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gatherenum.noarch                        9:svn52209-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gauss.noarch                             9:svn32934.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gb4e.noarch                              9:svn19216.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gbt7714.noarch                           9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gcard.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gchords.noarch                           9:svn29803.1.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-gcite.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gender.noarch                            9:svn36464.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gene-logic.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-genealogy.noarch                         9:svn25112.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-genealogytree.noarch                     9:svn50872-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-genmpage.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.3.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gentium-tug.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gentle-doc.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gentombow.noarch                         9:svn51697-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-geometry.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-german.noarch                            9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-germbib.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-germkorr.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-geschichtsfrkl.noarch                    9:svn42121-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-getfiledate.noarch                       9:svn16189.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-getitems.noarch                          9:svn39365-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-getmap.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-getoptk.noarch                           9:svn23567.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                    9:svn53170-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gfnotation.noarch                        9:svn37156.2.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gfsartemisia.noarch                      9:svn19469.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gfsbaskerville.noarch                    9:svn19440.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gfsbodoni.noarch                         9:svn28484.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-gfscomplutum.noarch                      9:svn19469.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gfsdidot.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gfsdidotclassic.noarch                   9:svn52778-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gfsneohellenic.noarch                    9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gfsneohellenicmath.noarch                9:svn52570-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gfsporson.noarch                         9:svn18651.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-gfssolomos.noarch                        9:svn18651.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ghab.noarch                              9:svn29803.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ghsystem.noarch                          9:svn53822-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gillcm.noarch                            9:svn19878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gillius.noarch                           9:svn32068.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gincltex.noarch                          9:svn23835.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gindex.noarch                            9:svn52311-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ginpenc.noarch                           9:svn24980.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-git-latexdiff.noarch                     9:svn54732-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gitfile-info.noarch                      9:svn51928-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gitinfo.noarch                           9:svn34049.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gitinfo2.noarch                          9:svn38913-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gitlog.noarch                            9:svn38932-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gitver.noarch                            9:svn49980-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-globalvals.noarch                        9:svn49962-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glosmathtools.noarch                     9:svn54558-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gloss.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.5.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gloss-occitan.noarch                     9:svn52593-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-danish.noarch                 9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-dutch.noarch                  9:svn35685.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-english.noarch                9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-estonian.noarch               9:svn49928-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-extra.noarch                  9:svn54688-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-finnish.noarch                9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-french.noarch                 9:svn42873-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-german.noarch                 9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-irish.noarch                  9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-italian.noarch                9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-magyar.noarch                 9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-polish.noarch                 9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-portuges.noarch               9:svn36064.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-serbian.noarch                9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-slovene.noarch                9:svn51211-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-glossaries-spanish.noarch                9:svn35665.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gmdoc.noarch                             9:svn21292.0.993-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gmdoc-enhance.noarch                     9:svn15878.v0.2-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-gmiflink.noarch                          9:svn15878.v0.97-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gmp.noarch                               9:svn21691.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gmutils.noarch                           9:svn24287.v0.996-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-gmverb.noarch                            9:svn24288.v0.98-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gmverse.noarch                           9:svn29803.v0.73-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gnu-freefont.noarch                      9:svn29349.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gnuplottex.noarch                        9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-go.noarch                                9:svn28628.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gobble.noarch                            9:svn49608-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gofonts.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gost.noarch                              9:svn44131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gothic.noarch                            9:svn49869-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gotoh.noarch                             9:svn44764-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-grabbox.noarch                           9:svn51052-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gradientframe.noarch                     9:svn21387.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gradstudentresume.noarch                 9:svn38832-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-grafcet.noarch                           9:svn22509.1.3.5-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-grant.noarch                             9:svn41905-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graph35.noarch                           9:svn47522-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphbox.noarch                          9:svn46360-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphics.noarch                          9:svn53640-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                      9:svn41448-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                      9:svn54522-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphics-pln.noarch                      9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphicx-psmin.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-graphicxbox.noarch                       9:svn32630.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-graphicxpsd.noarch                       9:svn46477-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-graphviz.noarch                          9:svn31517.0.94-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-grayhints.noarch                         9:svn49052-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-greek-fontenc.noarch                     9:svn53955-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-greek-inputenc.noarch                    9:svn51612-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-greekdates.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-greektex.noarch                          9:svn28327.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-greektonoi.noarch                        9:svn39419-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-greenpoint.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-gregoriotex.x86_64                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-grfext.noarch                            9:svn53024-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-grffile.noarch                           9:svn52756-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-grfpaste.noarch                          9:svn17354.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-grid.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-grid-system.noarch                       9:svn32981.0.3.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gridset.noarch                           9:svn53762-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gridslides.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-grotesq.noarch                           9:svn35859.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-grundgesetze.noarch                      9:svn34439.1.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-gsemthesis.noarch                        9:svn36244.0.9.4-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gtl.noarch                               9:svn49527-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gtrcrd.noarch                            9:svn32484.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-gtrlib-largetrees.noarch                 9:svn49062-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gu.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-guide-to-latex-doc.noarch                9:svn45712-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-guitar.noarch                            9:svn32258.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-guitarchordschemes.noarch                9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-guitartabs.noarch                        9:svn48102-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-guitlogo.noarch                          9:svn51582-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gustlib.noarch                           9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gustprog-doc.noarch                      9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-gzt.noarch                               9:svn54390-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-h2020proposal.noarch                     9:svn38428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hackthefootline.noarch                   9:svn46494-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hacm.noarch                              9:svn27671.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hagenberg-thesis.noarch                  9:svn51150-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-halloweenmath.noarch                     9:svn52602-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-handin.noarch                            9:svn48255-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-handout.noarch                           9:svn43962-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hands.noarch                             9:svn13293.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hang.noarch                              9:svn43280-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hanging.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.2b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hanoi.noarch                             9:svn25019.20120101-39.fc34            @updates                                       
texlive-happy4th-doc.noarch                      9:svn25020.20120102-39.fc34            @updates                                       
texlive-har2nat.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-haranoaji.noarch                         9:svn54784-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-haranoaji-extra.noarch                   9:svn54783-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hardwrap.noarch                          9:svn21396.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-harmony.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-harnon-cv.noarch                         9:svn26543.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-harpoon.noarch                           9:svn21327.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-harvard.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.0.5-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-harveyballs.noarch                       9:svn32003.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-harvmac.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hatching.noarch                          9:svn23818.0.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hausarbeit-jura.noarch                   9:svn50762-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-havannah.noarch                          9:svn36348.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hc.noarch                                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-he-she.noarch                            9:svn41359-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hecthese.noarch                          9:svn50590-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-helvetic.noarch                          9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hep.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hep-paper.noarch                         9:svn54994-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hepnames.noarch                          9:svn35722.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hepparticles.noarch                      9:svn35723.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hepthesis.noarch                         9:svn46054-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hepunits.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-here.noarch                              9:svn16135.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-heuristica.noarch                        9:svn51362-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hexgame.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hf-tikz.noarch                           9:svn34733.0.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hfbright.noarch                          9:svn29349.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hfoldsty.noarch                          9:svn29349.1.15-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hhtensor.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-histogr.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-historische-zeitschrift.noarch           9:svn42635-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hitec.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.0_beta_-39.fc34           @updates                                       
texlive-hithesis.noarch                          9:svn53362-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hitszbeamer.noarch                       9:svn54381-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hitszthesis.noarch                       9:svn54709-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hletter.noarch                           9:svn30002.4.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hlist.noarch                             9:svn44983-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hmtrump.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hobby.noarch                             9:svn44474-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hobete.noarch                            9:svn27036.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hobsub.noarch                            9:svn52810-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hologo.noarch                            9:svn53048-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hook-pre-commit-pkg-doc.noarch           9:svn41378-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-horoscop.noarch                          9:svn30530.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hpsdiss.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-hrefhide.noarch                          9:svn22255.1.0f-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hrlatex.noarch                           9:svn18020.0.23-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hu-berlin-bundle.noarch                  9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hulipsum.noarch                          9:svn46803-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hustthesis.noarch                        9:svn42547-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hvfloat.noarch                           9:svn52010-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hvindex.noarch                           9:svn46051-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hvqrurl.noarch                           9:svn52993-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hycolor.noarch                           9:svn53584-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hypdvips.noarch                          9:svn53197-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyper.noarch                             9:svn17357.4.2d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hyperbar.noarch                          9:svn48147-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hypernat.noarch                          9:svn17358.1.0b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hyperref.noarch                          9:svn54841-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyperxmp.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                         9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-afrikaans.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-ancientgreek.noarch               9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-arabic.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-armenian.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                       9:svn54763-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-basque.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-belarusian.noarch                 9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-bulgarian.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-catalan.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-chinese.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-churchslavonic.noarch             9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-coptic.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-croatian.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-czech.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-danish.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-dutch.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-english.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-esperanto.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-estonian.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-ethiopic.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-farsi.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-finnish.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-french.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-friulan.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-galician.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-georgian.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-german.noarch                     9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-greek.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-hungarian.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-icelandic.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-indic.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-indonesian.noarch                 9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-interlingua.noarch                9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-irish.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-italian.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-kurmanji.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-latin.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-latvian.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-lithuanian.noarch                 9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-macedonian.noarch                 9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-mongolian.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-norwegian.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-occitan.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-piedmontese.noarch                9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-polish.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-portuguese.noarch                 9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-romanian.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-romansh.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-russian.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-sanskrit.noarch                   9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-serbian.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-slovak.noarch                     9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-slovenian.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-spanish.noarch                    9:svn54857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-swedish.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-thai.noarch                       9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-turkish.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-turkmen.noarch                    9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-ukrainian.noarch                  9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-uppersorbian.noarch               9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphen-welsh.noarch                      9:svn54568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.3c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                          9:svn37354.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-hyplain.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ibycus-babel.noarch                      9:svn15878.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ibygrk.noarch                            9:svn15878.4.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-icite.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-icsv.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-identkey.noarch                          9:svn49018-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-idxcmds.noarch                           9:svn54554-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-idxlayout.noarch                         9:svn25821.0.4d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ieeepes.noarch                           9:svn17359.4.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ietfbibs-doc.noarch                      9:svn41332-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-iffont.noarch                            9:svn38823-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ifmslide.noarch                          9:svn20727.0.47-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                           9:svn47544-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ifnextok.noarch                          9:svn23379.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                         9:svn40726-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                        9:svn45533-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ifptex.noarch                            9:svn52626-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ifsym.noarch                             9:svn24868.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-iftex.noarch                             9:svn54159-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ifthenx.noarch                           9:svn25819.0.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ifxptex.noarch                           9:svn46153-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-iitem.noarch                             9:svn29613.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ijmart.noarch                            9:svn30958.1.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ijqc.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ijsra.noarch                             9:svn44886-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-imac.noarch                              9:svn17347.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-image-gallery.noarch                     9:svn15878.v1.0j-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-imakeidx.noarch                          9:svn42287-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-imfellenglish.noarch                     9:svn38547-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-impatient-cn-doc.noarch                  9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-impatient-doc.noarch                     9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-impatient-fr-doc.noarch                  9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-impnattypo.noarch                        9:svn50227-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-import.noarch                            9:svn54683-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-imsproc.noarch                           9:svn29803.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-imtekda.noarch                           9:svn17667.1.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-incgraph.noarch                          9:svn36500.1.12-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-includernw.noarch                        9:svn47557-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-inconsolata.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-index.noarch                             9:svn24099.4.1beta-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-indextools.noarch                        9:svn38931-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                         9:svn53023-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-initials.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-inkpaper.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-inline-images.noarch                     9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-inlinebib.noarch                         9:svn22018.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-inlinedef.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-inputenx.noarch                          9:svn52986-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-inputtrc.noarch                          9:svn28019.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-inriafonts.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-insbox.noarch                            9:svn34299.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-installfont.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-intcalc.noarch                           9:svn53168-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-interactiveworkbook.noarch               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-interchar.noarch                         9:svn36312.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-interfaces.noarch                        9:svn21474.3.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-interpreter.noarch                       9:svn27232.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-interval.noarch                          9:svn50265-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-intopdf.noarch                           9:svn51247-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-intro-scientific-doc.noarch              9:svn15878.5th_edition-39.fc34         @updates                                       
texlive-inversepath.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-invoice.noarch                           9:svn48359-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-invoice-class.noarch                     9:svn49749-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-invoice2.noarch                          9:svn46364-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-iodhbwm.noarch                           9:svn54734-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ionumbers.noarch                         9:svn33457.0.3.3-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-iopart-num.noarch                        9:svn15878.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ipaex.noarch                             9:svn52032-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ipaex-type1.noarch                       9:svn47700-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-is-bst.noarch                            9:svn52623-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-iscram.noarch                            9:svn45801-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-iso.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-iso10303.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-isodate.noarch                           9:svn16613.2.28-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-isodoc.noarch                            9:svn47868-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-isomath.noarch                           9:svn27654.0.6.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-isonums.noarch                           9:svn17362.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-isopt.noarch                             9:svn45509-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-isorot.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-isotope.noarch                           9:svn23711.v0.3-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-issuulinks.noarch                        9:svn25742.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-istgame.noarch                           9:svn49848-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-itnumpar.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-iwhdp.noarch                             9:svn37552.0.50-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-iwona.noarch                             9:svn19611.0.995b-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-jablantile.noarch                        9:svn16364.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-jacow.noarch                             9:svn50870-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jadetex.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jamtimes.noarch                          9:svn20408.1.12-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-japanese-otf.noarch                      9:svn50769-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-japanese-otf-uptex.noarch                9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jbact.noarch                             9:svn52717-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jfmutil.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jigsaw.noarch                            9:svn49111-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jkmath.noarch                            9:svn47109-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                          9:svn19440.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-jlabels.noarch                           9:svn24858.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-jlreq.noarch                             9:svn53717-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jlreq-deluxe.noarch                      9:svn54894-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jmb.noarch                               9:svn52718-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jmlr.noarch                              9:svn54562-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jmn.noarch                               9:svn45751-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jneurosci.noarch                         9:svn17346.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-jnuexam.noarch                           9:svn52696-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jpsj.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.2.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-js-misc.noarch                           9:svn16211.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-jsclasses.noarch                         9:svn53641-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jslectureplanner.noarch                  9:svn53672-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jumplines.noarch                         9:svn37553.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-junicode.noarch                          9:svn53954-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-jura.noarch                              9:svn15878.4.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-juraabbrev.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-jurabib.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-juramisc.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.91-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-jurarsp.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.52-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-jvlisting.noarch                         9:svn24638.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-kalendarium.noarch                       9:svn48744-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kanaparser.noarch                        9:svn48052-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kantlipsum.noarch                        9:svn51727-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-karnaugh.noarch                          9:svn21338.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-karnaugh-map.noarch                      9:svn44131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-karnaughmap.noarch                       9:svn36989.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-kastrup.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-kblocks.noarch                           9:svn52382-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kdgdocs.noarch                           9:svn24498.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-kerkis.noarch                            9:svn52753-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kerntest.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.32-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ketcindy.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-keycommand.noarch                        9:svn18042.3.1415-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-keyfloat.noarch                          9:svn52160-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-keyindex.noarch                          9:svn50828-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-keyreader.noarch                         9:svn28195.0.5b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-keystroke.noarch                         9:svn17992.v1.6-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-keyval2e.noarch                          9:svn23698.0.0.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-keyvaltable.noarch                       9:svn54677-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kix.noarch                               9:svn21606.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-kixfont.noarch                           9:svn18488.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-kluwer.noarch                            9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-knitting.noarch                          9:svn50782-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-knittingpattern.noarch                   9:svn17205.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-knowledge.noarch                         9:svn54876-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-knuth-doc.noarch                         9:svn32899.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                         9:svn35820.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                       9:svn38627-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-koma-moderncvclassic.noarch              9:svn25025.v0.5-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-koma-script.noarch                       9:svn54825-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-koma-script-examples-doc.noarch          9:svn47523-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-koma-script-sfs.noarch                   9:svn26137.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-komacv.noarch                            9:svn43902-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-komacv-rg.noarch                         9:svn49064-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kotex-oblivoir.noarch                    9:svn54519-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kotex-plain.noarch                       9:svn38630-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kotex-utf.noarch                         9:svn38558-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kotex-utils.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kpfonts.noarch                           9:svn48470-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ksfh_nat.noarch                          9:svn24825.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ksp-thesis.noarch                        9:svn39080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ktv-texdata.noarch                       9:svn27369.05.34-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-ku-template.noarch                       9:svn45935-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kurdishlipsum.noarch                     9:svn47518-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kurier.noarch                            9:svn19612.0.995b-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                      9:svn53193-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kvmap.noarch                             9:svn54898-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                         9:svn52985-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                         9:svn53166-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-l2picfaq-doc.noarch                      9:svn19601.1.50-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-l2tabu-doc.noarch                        9:svn39597-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-l2tabu-english-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.1.8.5.7-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-l2tabu-french-doc.noarch                 9:svn31315.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-l2tabu-italian-doc.noarch                9:svn25218.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-l2tabu-spanish-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-l3backend.noarch                         9:svn54259-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-l3build.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                    9:svn53394-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                          9:svn54672-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-l3packages.noarch                        9:svn54131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-labbook.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-labels.noarch                            9:svn15878.13-39.fc34                  @updates                                       
texlive-labels4easylist.noarch                   9:svn51124-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-labelschanged.noarch                     9:svn46040-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-labyrinth.noarch                         9:svn33454.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lacheck.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ladder.noarch                            9:svn44394-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lambda.noarch                            9:svn45756-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lambda-lists.noarch                      9:svn31402.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-langcode.noarch                          9:svn27764.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-langsci.noarch                           9:svn54393-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-langsci-avm.noarch                       9:svn54239-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lapdf.noarch                             9:svn23806.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lastpackage.noarch                       9:svn34481.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lastpage.noarch                          9:svn36680.1.2m-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-latex.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-base-dev.noarch                    9:svn54146-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-bib-ex-doc.noarch                  9:svn25831.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-bib2-ex-doc.noarch                 9:svn40098-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-brochure-doc.noarch                9:svn40612-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-course-doc.noarch                  9:svn25505.2-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-doc-ptr-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                       9:svn28888.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-git-log.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-graphics-companion-doc.noarch      9:svn29235.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-make.noarch                        9:svn48925-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-mr-doc.noarch                      9:svn44601-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-notes-zh-cn-doc.noarch             9:svn15878.1.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-latex-papersize.noarch                   9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-referenz-doc.noarch                9:svn36671.2-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-refsheet-doc.noarch                9:svn45076-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-tabellen-doc.noarch                9:svn16979.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex-tds-doc.noarch                     9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-uni8.noarch                        9:svn49729-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-veryshortguide-doc.noarch          9:svn41844-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-via-exemplos.noarch                9:svn53248-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex-web-companion-doc.noarch           9:svn29349.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo.noarch              9:svn48918-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-fr-doc.noarch       9:svn44997-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex2e-help-texinfo-spanish.noarch      9:svn49023-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex2man.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex2nemeth.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex4musicians.noarch                   9:svn49759-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latex4wp-doc.noarch                      9:svn35999.1.0.10-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-latex4wp-it-doc.noarch                   9:svn36000.1.0.10-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-latexbangla.noarch                       9:svn42409-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexbug.noarch                          9:svn52414-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexcheat-de-doc.noarch                 9:svn35702.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-latexcheat-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.13-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-latexcheat-esmx-doc.noarch               9:svn36866.2.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-latexcheat-ptbr-doc.noarch               9:svn15878.1.13-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-latexcolors.noarch                       9:svn49888-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                       9:svn53525-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexcourse-rug-doc.noarch               9:svn39026-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexdemo.noarch                         9:svn34481.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-latexdiff.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexfileinfo-pkgs.noarch                9:svn26760.0.22-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-latexfileversion.noarch                  9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexgit.noarch                          9:svn54811-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexindent.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latexmp.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.2.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-latexpand.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-latino-sine-flexione.noarch              9:svn53485-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lato.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-layaureo.noarch                          9:svn19087.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-layouts.noarch                           9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lazylist.noarch                          9:svn17691.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lccaps.noarch                            9:svn46432-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lcd.noarch                               9:svn16549.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lcdftypetools.x86_64                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lcg.noarch                               9:svn31474.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lcyw.noarch                              9:svn15878.v1.1-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-leading.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-leadsheets.noarch                        9:svn52275-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-leaflet.noarch                           9:svn43523-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lecturer.noarch                          9:svn23916.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lectures.noarch                          9:svn53642-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ledmac.noarch                            9:svn41811-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-leftidx.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-leipzig.noarch                           9:svn52450-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lengthconvert.noarch                     9:svn30867.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                       9:svn53022-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-letterspacing.noarch                     9:svn54266-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-letterswitharrows.noarch                 9:svn53709-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lettre.noarch                            9:svn54722-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lettrine.noarch                          9:svn54560-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-levy.noarch                              9:svn21750.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lewis.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lexend.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lexikon.noarch                           9:svn17364.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lexref.noarch                            9:svn36026.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lfb.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lgreek.noarch                            9:svn21818.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lh.noarch                                9:svn15878.3.5g-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lhcyr.noarch                             9:svn31795.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lhelp.noarch                             9:svn23638.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lib.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertine.noarch                         9:svn54583-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertinegc.noarch                       9:svn44616-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertinus.noarch                        9:svn55064-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertinus-fonts.noarch                  9:svn56656-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertinus-otf.noarch                    9:svn56649-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertinus-type1.noarch                  9:svn56160-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libertinust1math.noarch                  9:svn55517-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libgreek.noarch                          9:svn27789.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-librarian.noarch                         9:svn19880.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-librebaskerville.noarch                  9:svn56018-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-librebodoni.noarch                       9:svn39375-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-librecaslon.noarch                       9:svn56003-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-librefranklin.noarch                     9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-libris.noarch                            9:svn19409.1.007-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-lie-hasse.noarch                         9:svn53653-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lilyglyphs.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-limap.noarch                             9:svn44863-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-limecv.noarch                            9:svn54329-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lineara.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-linegoal.noarch                          9:svn21523.2.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lineno.noarch                            9:svn21442.4.41-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ling-macros.noarch                       9:svn42268-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-linguex.noarch                           9:svn30815.4.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-linguisticspro.noarch                    9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-linop.noarch                             9:svn41304-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lion-msc.noarch                          9:svn51143-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lipsum.noarch                            9:svn49610-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lisp-on-tex.noarch                       9:svn38722-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-listbib.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-listing.noarch                           9:svn17373.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-listings.noarch                          9:svn54554-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-listings-ext.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-listingsutf8.noarch                      9:svn53097-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-listlbls.noarch                          9:svn34893.1.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-listliketab.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-listofitems.noarch                       9:svn51923-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-listofsymbols.noarch                     9:svn16134.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lithuanian.noarch                        9:svn46039-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-liturg.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lkproof.noarch                           9:svn20021.3.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-llncsconf.noarch                         9:svn46707-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lm.noarch                                9:svn48145-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lm-math.noarch                           9:svn36915.1.959-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-lmake.noarch                             9:svn25552.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lni.noarch                               9:svn52401-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lobster2.noarch                          9:svn56019-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-locality.noarch                          9:svn20422.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-localloc.noarch                          9:svn21934.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-logbox.noarch                            9:svn24499.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-logical-markup-utils.noarch              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-logicproof.noarch                        9:svn33254.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-logicpuzzle.noarch                       9:svn34491.2.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-logix.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-logpap.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-logreq.noarch                            9:svn53003-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lollipop.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-longdivision.noarch                      9:svn50586-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-longfbox.noarch                          9:svn39028-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-longfigure.noarch                        9:svn34302.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-longnamefilelist.noarch                  9:svn27889.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-loops.noarch                             9:svn30704.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lpform.noarch                            9:svn36918.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lpic.noarch                              9:svn20843.0.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lplfitch.noarch                          9:svn31077.0.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lps.noarch                               9:svn21322.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lroundrect.noarch                        9:svn39804-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lsc.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-bulgarian-doc.noarch              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-chinese-doc.noarch                9:svn50986-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-czech-doc.noarch                  9:svn29803.4.27-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-dutch-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-english-doc.noarch                9:svn46763-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-estonian-doc.noarch               9:svn39323-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-finnish-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-french-doc.noarch                 9:svn23332.5.01fr_0-39.fc34            @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-german-doc.noarch                 9:svn47401-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-italian-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-japanese-doc.noarch               9:svn36207.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-korean-doc.noarch                 9:svn51035-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-mongol-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.4.26-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-persian-doc.noarch                9:svn31296.5.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-polish-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-portuguese-doc.noarch             9:svn22569.5.01.0-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-russian-doc.noarch                9:svn18906.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-slovak-doc.noarch                 9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-slovenian-doc.noarch              9:svn15878.4.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-spanish-doc.noarch                9:svn35050.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-thai-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.1.32-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-turkish-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.4.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-ukr-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.4.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lshort-vietnamese-doc.noarch             9:svn15878.4.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-lstaddons.noarch                         9:svn26196.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lstbayes.noarch                          9:svn48160-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lstfiracode.noarch                       9:svn49503-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lt3graph.noarch                          9:svn45913-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ltablex.noarch                           9:svn34923.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                          9:svn17533.1.74d-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-ltb2bib.noarch                           9:svn43746-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                           9:svn53165-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ltxdockit.noarch                         9:svn21869.1.2d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ltxfileinfo.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ltxguidex.noarch                         9:svn50992-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ltximg.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ltxkeys.noarch                           9:svn28332.0.0.3c-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                           9:svn21927.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ltxnew.noarch                            9:svn21586.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ltxtools.noarch                          9:svn24897.0.0.1a-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                    9:svn29349.0.7.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-lua-check-hyphen.noarch                  9:svn47527-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lua-uca.noarch                           9:svn54550-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lua-ul.noarch                            9:svn54690-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lua-visual-debug.noarch                  9:svn49634-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luabibentry.noarch                       9:svn31783.0.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-luabidi.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luacode.noarch                           9:svn25193.1.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-luacolor.noarch                          9:svn53933-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luahyphenrules.noarch                    9:svn42670-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luaimageembed.noarch                     9:svn50788-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luaindex.noarch                          9:svn25882.0.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-luainputenc.noarch                       9:svn20491.0.973-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-luaintro-doc.noarch                      9:svn35490.0.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-luajittex.x86_64                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lualatex-doc-de-doc.noarch               9:svn30474.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-lualatex-doc-doc.noarch                  9:svn30473.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                     9:svn52663-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lualatex-truncate.noarch                 9:svn48469-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lualibs.noarch                           9:svn53682-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luamesh.noarch                           9:svn43814-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luamplib.noarch                          9:svn53904-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luapackageloader.noarch                  9:svn54779-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luarandom.noarch                         9:svn49419-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luasseq.noarch                           9:svn37877.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-luatex.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luatex85.noarch                          9:svn41456-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                        9:svn52663-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luatexja.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luatexko.noarch                          9:svn54438-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luatextra.noarch                         9:svn20747.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-luatodonotes.noarch                      9:svn53825-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luavlna.noarch                           9:svn52682-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-luaxml.noarch                            9:svn52137-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lwarp.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lxfonts.noarch                           9:svn32354.2.0b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ly1.noarch                               9:svn47848-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-lyluatex.noarch                          9:svn51252-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-m-tx.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-macros2e-doc.noarch                      9:svn46026-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-macroswap.noarch                         9:svn31498.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mafr.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-magaz.noarch                             9:svn24694.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mailing.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mailmerge.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-make4ht.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makebarcode.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-makebase.noarch                          9:svn41012-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makebox.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-makecell.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.1e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-makecirc.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-makecmds.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-makecookbook.noarch                      9:svn49311-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makedtx.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makeglos.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makeplot.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0.6-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-maker.noarch                             9:svn44823-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makerobust.noarch                        9:svn52811-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-makeshape.noarch                         9:svn28973.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mandi.noarch                             9:svn49720-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-manfnt.noarch                            9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                       9:svn54684-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-manuscript.noarch                        9:svn36110.1.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-manyind.noarch                           9:svn49874-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-marcellus.noarch                         9:svn56016-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-margbib.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-marginfit.noarch                         9:svn48281-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-marginfix.noarch                         9:svn31598.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-marginnote.noarch                        9:svn48383-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-markdown.noarch                          9:svn54482-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-marvosym.noarch                          9:svn29349.2.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-matc3.noarch                             9:svn29845.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-matc3mem.noarch                          9:svn35773.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-match_parens.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-math-e-doc.noarch                        9:svn20062.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-math-into-latex-4-doc.noarch             9:svn44131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathabx.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mathabx-type1.noarch                     9:svn21129.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mathalpha.noarch                         9:svn52305-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathastext.noarch                        9:svn52840-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathcommand.noarch                       9:svn53044-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathcomp.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.1f-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mathdesign.noarch                        9:svn31639.2.31-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mathdots.noarch                          9:svn34301.0.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mathexam.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mathfam256.noarch                        9:svn53519-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathfixs.noarch                          9:svn49547-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathfont.noarch                          9:svn53035-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathlig.noarch                           9:svn54244-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathpartir.noarch                        9:svn39864-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                          9:svn52663-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathpunctspace.noarch                    9:svn46754-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-maths-symbols-doc.noarch                 9:svn37763.3.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mathspec.noarch                          9:svn42773-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathspic.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mathtools.noarch                         9:svn54516-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-matlab-prettifier.noarch                 9:svn34323.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-matrix-skeleton.noarch                   9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mattens.noarch                           9:svn17582.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-maybemath.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mcaption.noarch                          9:svn15878.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mceinleger.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mcexam.noarch                            9:svn46155-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mcf2graph.noarch                         9:svn53550-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mcite.noarch                             9:svn18173.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mciteplus.noarch                         9:svn31648.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mcmthesis.noarch                         9:svn53513-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mdframed.noarch                          9:svn31075.1.9b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mdputu.noarch                            9:svn20298.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mdsymbol.noarch                          9:svn28399.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.05.4-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-media4svg.noarch                         9:svn54773-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-media9.noarch                            9:svn54554-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-medstarbeamer.noarch                     9:svn38828-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-meetingmins.noarch                       9:svn31878.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-memdesign-doc.noarch                     9:svn48664-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-memexsupp.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-memoir.noarch                            9:svn54554-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-memory.noarch                            9:svn30452.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-memorygraphs.noarch                      9:svn49631-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mendex-doc.noarch                        9:svn50268-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mensa-tex.noarch                         9:svn45997-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mentis.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-menu.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.994-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-menukeys.noarch                          9:svn41823-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mercatormap.noarch                       9:svn54812-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-merriweather.noarch                      9:svn56365-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metafont.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metafont-beginners-doc.noarch            9:svn29803.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-metago.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-metalogo.noarch                          9:svn18611.0.12-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-metalogox.noarch                         9:svn49774-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metaobj.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.93-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-metaplot.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.91-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-metapost.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metapost-colorbrewer.noarch              9:svn48753-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metapost-examples-doc.noarch             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-metastr.noarch                           9:svn53700-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metatex.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-metatype1.noarch                         9:svn37105-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-metauml.noarch                           9:svn49923-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-method.noarch                            9:svn17485.2.0b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-metre.noarch                             9:svn18489.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-metrix.noarch                            9:svn52323-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mex.noarch                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mf2pt1.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mfirstuc.noarch                          9:svn45803-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mflogo.noarch                            9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mflua.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                            9:svn46036-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mfpic.noarch                             9:svn28444.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mfpic4ode.noarch                         9:svn17745.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mftinc.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mfware.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mgltex.noarch                            9:svn41676-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mhchem.noarch                            9:svn52662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mhequ.noarch                             9:svn38224.1.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mi-solns.noarch                          9:svn49651-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-miama.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-microtype.noarch                         9:svn52853-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-microtype-de-doc.noarch                  9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-midnight.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-midpage.noarch                           9:svn17484.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-miller.noarch                            9:svn18789.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-milog.noarch                             9:svn41610-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-milsymb.noarch                           9:svn54361-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-minibox.noarch                           9:svn30914.0.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-minidocument.noarch                      9:svn43752-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-minifp.noarch                            9:svn32559.0.96-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-minipage-marginpar.noarch                9:svn15878.v0.2-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-miniplot.noarch                          9:svn17483.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-minitoc.noarch                           9:svn48196-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-minorrevision.noarch                     9:svn32165.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-minted.noarch                            9:svn44855-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mintspirit.noarch                        9:svn32069.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-minutes.noarch                           9:svn42186-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mismath.noarch                           9:svn53245-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-missaali.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mkgrkindex.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mkjobtexmf.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mkpattern.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mkpic.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mla-paper.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mlacls.noarch                            9:svn51865-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mleftright.noarch                        9:svn53021-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mlist.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.6a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mltex.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mmap.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mnotes.noarch                            9:svn35521.0.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mnras.noarch                             9:svn37579.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                          9:svn18651.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-modeles-factures-belges-assocs.noarch    9:svn50010-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-moderncv.noarch                          9:svn52669-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-modernposter.noarch                      9:svn47269-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-moderntimeline.noarch                    9:svn50228-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-modes.noarch                             9:svn53604-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-modiagram.noarch                         9:svn52589-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-modref.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-modroman.noarch                          9:svn29803.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-modular.noarch                           9:svn44142-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-modulus.noarch                           9:svn47599-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mongolian-babel.noarch                   9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-monofill.noarch                          9:svn28140.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-montex.noarch                            9:svn29349.IVu.04.092-39.fc34          @updates                                       
texlive-montserrat.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-moodle.noarch                            9:svn39367-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-moreenum.noarch                          9:svn24479.1.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-morefloats.noarch                        9:svn37927.1.0h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-morehype.noarch                          9:svn38815-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-moresize.noarch                          9:svn17513.1.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-moreverb.noarch                          9:svn22126.2.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-morewrites.noarch                        9:svn49531-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-morisawa.noarch                          9:svn46946-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mp3d.noarch                              9:svn29349.1.34-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mparhack.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mparrows.noarch                          9:svn39729-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mpattern.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mpcolornames.noarch                      9:svn23252.0.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mpfonts.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mpgraphics.noarch                        9:svn29776.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mpman-ru-doc.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.004-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-mpostinl.noarch                          9:svn49559-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mptrees.noarch                           9:svn44453-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ms.noarch                                9:svn51784-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-msc.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.16-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-msg.noarch                               9:svn49578-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mslapa.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-msu-thesis.noarch                        9:svn46106-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mtgreek.noarch                           9:svn17967.1.1+-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mucproc.noarch                           9:svn43445-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mugsthesis.noarch                        9:svn34878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-multenum.noarch                          9:svn21775.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-multiaudience.noarch                     9:svn38035.1.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-multibbl.noarch                          9:svn15878.v1.1-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-multibib.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-multibibliography.noarch                 9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-multicap.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-multicolrule.noarch                      9:svn52283-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-multidef.noarch                          9:svn40637-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-multido.noarch                           9:svn18302.1.42-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-multienv.noarch                          9:svn26544.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-multiexpand.noarch                       9:svn45943-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-multilang.noarch                         9:svn49065-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-multiobjective.noarch                    9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-multirow.noarch                          9:svn51278-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-munich.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-musical.noarch                           9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-musicography.noarch                      9:svn51251-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-musikui.noarch                           9:svn47472-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-musixguit.noarch                         9:svn21649.1.2.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-musixtex.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-musixtex-fonts.noarch                    9:svn37762.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-musixtnt.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-musuos.noarch                            9:svn24857.1.1d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-muthesis.noarch                          9:svn23861.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-mversion.noarch                          9:svn29370.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-mwcls.noarch                             9:svn44352-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mwe.noarch                               9:svn47194-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mweights.noarch                          9:svn53520-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-mxedruli.noarch                          9:svn30021.3.3c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-mycv.noarch                              9:svn26807.1.5.6-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-mylatexformat.noarch                     9:svn21392.3.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-mynsfc.noarch                            9:svn41996-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-na-box.noarch                            9:svn45130-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-na-position.noarch                       9:svn48071-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nag.noarch                               9:svn24741.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nameauth.noarch                          9:svn53940-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-namespc.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-nanicolle.noarch                         9:svn52237-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nanumtype1.noarch                        9:svn29558.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nar.noarch                               9:svn38100.3.19-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-natbib.noarch                            9:svn20668.8.31b-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-natded.noarch                            9:svn32693.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nath.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-nature.noarch                            9:svn21819.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-navigator.noarch                         9:svn41413-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-navydocs.noarch                          9:svn41643-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ncclatex.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ncctools.noarch                          9:svn51810-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                          9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-nddiss.noarch                            9:svn45107-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ndsu-thesis.noarch                       9:svn46639-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-needspace.noarch                         9:svn29601.1.3d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-nestquot.noarch                          9:svn27323.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-neuralnetwork.noarch                     9:svn31500.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nevelok.noarch                           9:svn39029-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newcommand-doc.noarch                    9:svn18704.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-newcomputermodern.noarch                 9:svn52877-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newenviron.noarch                        9:svn29331.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-newfile.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-newfloat.noarch                          9:svn52906-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newlfm.noarch                            9:svn15878.9.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-newpx.noarch                             9:svn53792-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newsletr.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-newspaper.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-newtx.noarch                             9:svn56384-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newtxsf.noarch                           9:svn56527-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newtxtt.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newunicodechar.noarch                    9:svn47382-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-newvbtm.noarch                           9:svn23996.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-newverbs.noarch                          9:svn52074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nextpage.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-nfssext-cfr.noarch                       9:svn43640-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nicefilelist.noarch                      9:svn28527.0.7a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-niceframe.noarch                         9:svn36086.1.1c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-niceframe-type1.noarch                   9:svn44671-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nicematrix.noarch                        9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nicetext.noarch                          9:svn38914-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nidanfloat.noarch                        9:svn48295-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nih.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-nihbiosketch.noarch                      9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nimbus15.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-njurepo.noarch                           9:svn50492-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nkarta.noarch                            9:svn16437.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nlctdoc.noarch                           9:svn53768-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nmbib.noarch                             9:svn37984.1.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-noconflict.noarch                        9:svn30140.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nodetree.noarch                          9:svn43011-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-noindentafter.noarch                     9:svn35709.0.2.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-noitcrul.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nolbreaks.noarch                         9:svn26786.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nomencl.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nomentbl.noarch                          9:svn16549.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nonfloat.noarch                          9:svn17598.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nonumonpart.noarch                       9:svn22114.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-nopageno.noarch                          9:svn18128.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                        9:svn37675.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-normalcolor.noarch                       9:svn40125-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nostarch.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-notes.noarch                             9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-notes2bib.noarch                         9:svn52231-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-notespages.noarch                        9:svn41906-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-notestex.noarch                          9:svn45396-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-notex-bst.noarch                         9:svn42361-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-noto.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-noto-emoji.noarch                        9:svn53968-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-notoccite.noarch                         9:svn18129.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-novel.noarch                             9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nowidow.noarch                           9:svn24066.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nox.noarch                               9:svn30991.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nrc.noarch                               9:svn29027.2.01a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                          9:svn53882-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nth.noarch                               9:svn54252-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ntheorem.noarch                          9:svn27609.1.33-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ntheorem-vn-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.1.203-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-nuc.noarch                               9:svn22256.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-nucleardata.noarch                       9:svn47307-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-numberedblock.noarch                     9:svn33109.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-numberpt.noarch                          9:svn51640-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-numericplots.noarch                      9:svn31729.2.0.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-numname.noarch                           9:svn18130.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-numnameru.noarch                         9:svn44895-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-numprint.noarch                          9:svn27498.1.39-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-numspell.noarch                          9:svn45441-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-nwejm.noarch                             9:svn54392-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-objectz.noarch                           9:svn19389.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-obnov.noarch                             9:svn33355.0.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ocg-p.noarch                             9:svn28803.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ocgx.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ocgx2.noarch                             9:svn52730-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ocherokee.noarch                         9:svn25689.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ocr-b.noarch                             9:svn20852.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ocr-b-outline.noarch                     9:svn20969.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ocr-latex.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-octave.noarch                            9:svn45674-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-octavo.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-odsfile.noarch                           9:svn38449-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ofs.noarch                               9:svn16991.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ogham.noarch                             9:svn24876.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-oinuit.noarch                            9:svn28668.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-old-arrows.noarch                        9:svn42872-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-oldlatin.noarch                          9:svn17932.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-oldstandard.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-oldstyle.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-olsak-misc.noarch                        9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-omega.noarch                             9:svn33046.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-omegaware.x86_64                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-onedown.noarch                           9:svn52525-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-onlyamsmath.noarch                       9:svn42927-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-onrannual.noarch                         9:svn17474.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-opcit.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-opensans.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-oplotsymbl.noarch                        9:svn44951-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-opteng.noarch                            9:svn27331.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-optex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-optidef.noarch                           9:svn50941-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-optional.noarch                          9:svn18131.2.2b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-options.noarch                           9:svn39030-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ordinalpt.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-orkhun.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-oscola.noarch                            9:svn54328-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ot-tableau.noarch                        9:svn44889-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-othello.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-othelloboard.noarch                      9:svn23714.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-otibet.noarch                            9:svn45777-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-oubraces.noarch                          9:svn21833.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-outerhbox.noarch                         9:svn54254-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-outline.noarch                           9:svn18360.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-outliner.noarch                          9:svn21095.0.94-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-outlines.noarch                          9:svn25192.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-outlining.noarch                         9:svn45601-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-overlays.noarch                          9:svn46122-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-overlock.noarch                          9:svn56079-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-overpic.noarch                           9:svn53889-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pacioli.noarch                           9:svn24947.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-padauk.noarch                            9:svn42617-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-padcount.noarch                          9:svn47621-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pagecolor.noarch                         9:svn44487-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pagecont.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pagenote.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pagerange.noarch                         9:svn16915.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pageslts.noarch                          9:svn39164-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-palatino.noarch                          9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-paper.noarch                             9:svn34521.1.0l-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-papercdcase.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-papermas.noarch                          9:svn23667.1.0h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-papertex.noarch                          9:svn19230.1.2b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-paracol.noarch                           9:svn49560-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-parades.noarch                           9:svn40042-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-paralist.noarch                          9:svn43021-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-parallel.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-paratype.noarch                          9:svn32859.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-paresse.noarch                           9:svn29803.4.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-parnotes.noarch                          9:svn51720-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-parrun.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-parselines.noarch                        9:svn21475.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-parskip.noarch                           9:svn53503-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pas-cours.noarch                         9:svn42036-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pas-crosswords.noarch                    9:svn32313.1.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pas-cv.noarch                            9:svn32263.2.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pas-tableur.noarch                       9:svn39542-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-passivetex.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-patchcmd.noarch                          9:svn41379-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-patgen.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-patgen2-tutorial-doc.noarch              9:svn16490.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-path.noarch                              9:svn22045.3.05-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pauldoc.noarch                           9:svn16005.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pawpict.noarch                           9:svn21629.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pax.noarch                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pb-diagram.noarch                        9:svn15878.5.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pbibtex-base.noarch                      9:svn40986-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pbox.noarch                              9:svn24807.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pbsheet.noarch                           9:svn24830.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pdf-trans.noarch                         9:svn32809.2.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pdf14.noarch                             9:svn17583.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pdfarticle.noarch                        9:svn51127-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfbook2.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                          9:svn52912-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfcomment.noarch                        9:svn49047-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfcprot.noarch                          9:svn18735.1.7a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pdfcrop.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                         9:svn53082-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfjam.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdflatexpicscale.noarch                  9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                         9:svn53047-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfmarginpar.noarch                      9:svn23492.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pdfoverlay.noarch                        9:svn52627-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfpagediff.noarch                       9:svn37946.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                          9:svn53583-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfpc.noarch                             9:svn54160-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfpc-movie.noarch                       9:svn48245-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfprivacy.noarch                        9:svn45985-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfreview.noarch                         9:svn50100-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfscreen.noarch                         9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfslide.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pdfsync.noarch                           9:svn20373.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdftex-quiet.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                        9:svn52913-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdftosrc.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdftricks.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.16-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pdftricks2.noarch                        9:svn31016.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pdfwin.noarch                            9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfx.noarch                              9:svn50338-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pdfxup.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pecha.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pedigree-perl.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-penrose.noarch                           9:svn48202-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-perception.noarch                        9:svn48861-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-perfectcut.noarch                        9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-perltex.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-permute.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-persian-bib.noarch                       9:svn37297.0.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-petiteannonce.noarch                     9:svn25915.1.0001-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-petri-nets.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pfarrei.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgf.noarch                               9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgf-blur.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgf-cmykshadings.noarch                  9:svn52635-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgf-soroban.noarch                       9:svn32269.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pgf-spectra.noarch                       9:svn42986-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgf-umlcd.noarch                         9:svn33307.0.2.1.1-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-pgf-umlsd.noarch                         9:svn33045.0.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pgfgantt.noarch                          9:svn52662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgfkeyx.noarch                           9:svn26093.0.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-pgfmolbio.noarch                         9:svn35152.0.21-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pgfmorepages.noarch                      9:svn54770-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgfopts.noarch                           9:svn34573.2.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pgfornament.noarch                       9:svn54670-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgfornament-han.noarch                   9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pgfplots.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phaistos.noarch                          9:svn18651.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-phffullpagefigure.noarch                 9:svn41857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phfnote.noarch                           9:svn41858-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phfparen.noarch                          9:svn41859-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phfqit.noarch                            9:svn45084-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phfquotetext.noarch                      9:svn41869-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phfsvnwatermark.noarch                   9:svn41870-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phfthm.noarch                            9:svn41871-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-philex.noarch                            9:svn36396.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-philokalia.noarch                        9:svn45356-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-philosophersimprint.noarch               9:svn41788-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phonenumbers.noarch                      9:svn51933-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-phonetic.noarch                          9:svn21871.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-phonrule.noarch                          9:svn43963-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-photo.noarch                             9:svn18739.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-physconst.noarch                         9:svn54587-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-physics.noarch                           9:svn28590.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-physunits.noarch                         9:svn54588-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-piano.noarch                             9:svn21574.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-picinpar.noarch                          9:svn20374.1.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pict2e.noarch                            9:svn51918-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pictex.noarch                            9:svn21943.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pictex2.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pictexsum-doc.noarch                     9:svn24965.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-picture.noarch                           9:svn54867-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-piechartmp.noarch                        9:svn19440.0.3.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-piff.noarch                              9:svn21894.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pigpen.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pinlabel.noarch                          9:svn24769.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pinoutikz.noarch                         9:svn52999-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pitex.noarch                             9:svn24731.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pittetd.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.618-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-pixelart.noarch                          9:svn46740-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pkfix.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pkfix-helper.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pkgloader.noarch                         9:svn47486-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pkuthss.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pl.noarch                                9:svn36012.1.09-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-placeat.noarch                           9:svn45145-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-placeins.noarch                          9:svn19848.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-placeins-plain.noarch                    9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-plain.noarch                             9:svn43076-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plain-doc-doc.noarch                     9:svn28424.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-plainpkg.noarch                          9:svn27765.0.4a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-plainyr.noarch                           9:svn52783-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plantslabels.noarch                      9:svn29803.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-plantuml.noarch                          9:svn52175-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plari.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-plates.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-platex.noarch                            9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-platex-tools.noarch                      9:svn52049-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-platexcheat-doc.noarch                   9:svn49557-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plautopatch.noarch                       9:svn53906-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-play.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-playfair.noarch                          9:svn56005-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plex.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plex-otf.noarch                          9:svn47562-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-plipsum.noarch                           9:svn30353.4.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-plnfss.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-plstmary.noarch                          9:svn31088.0.5c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-plweb.noarch                             9:svn15878.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pm-isomath.noarch                        9:svn54799-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pmboxdraw.noarch                         9:svn53046-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pmgraph.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pmhanguljamo.noarch                      9:svn54378-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pmx.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pmxchords.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pnas2009.noarch                          9:svn16287.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-poemscol.noarch                          9:svn52574-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-poetry.noarch                            9:svn53129-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-poetrytex.noarch                         9:svn39921-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-poiretone.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-polexpr.noarch                           9:svn53633-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-polski.noarch                            9:svn44213-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-poltawski.noarch                         9:svn20075.1.101-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                       9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-polynom.noarch                           9:svn44832-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-polynomial.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-polytable.noarch                         9:svn31235.0.8.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-poormanlog.noarch                        9:svn52080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-postage.noarch                           9:svn47893-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-postcards.noarch                         9:svn21641.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-poster-mac.noarch                        9:svn18305.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-powerdot.noarch                          9:svn45165-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-powerdot-fuberlin.noarch                 9:svn52922-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-powerdot-tuliplab.noarch                 9:svn47963-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ppr-prv.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.13c-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-pracjourn.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.4n-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-practicalreports.noarch                  9:svn52312-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-preprint.noarch                          9:svn30447.2011-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-prerex.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-present.noarch                           9:svn50048-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-presentations-doc.noarch                 9:svn43949-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-presentations-en-doc.noarch              9:svn29803.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pressrelease.noarch                      9:svn35147.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-prettyref.noarch                         9:svn15878.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-prftree.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-printlen.noarch                          9:svn19847.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-proba.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-probsoln.noarch                          9:svn44783-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-procIAGssymp.noarch                      9:svn51771-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-prodint.noarch                           9:svn21893.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-productbox.noarch                        9:svn20886.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-program.noarch                           9:svn44214-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-progress.noarch                          9:svn19519.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-progressbar.noarch                       9:svn33822.v1.0b_4-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-proof-at-the-end.noarch                  9:svn51194-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-proofread.noarch                         9:svn50938-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-prooftrees.noarch                        9:svn52221-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-properties.noarch                        9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-proposal.noarch                          9:svn40538-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-prosper.noarch                           9:svn33033.1.0h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-protex.noarch                            9:svn41633-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-protocol.noarch                          9:svn25562.1.13-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-prtec.noarch                             9:svn51919-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-przechlewski-book.noarch                 9:svn23552.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ps2eps.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ps2pk.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-psbao.noarch                             9:svn15878.0.17-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pseudo.noarch                            9:svn52582-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pseudocode.noarch                        9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-psfrag.noarch                            9:svn15878.3.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-psfrag-italian-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-psfragx.noarch                           9:svn26243.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-psgo.noarch                              9:svn15878.0.17-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-psizzl.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.35-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pslatex.noarch                           9:svn16416.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-psnfss.noarch                            9:svn54694-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pspicture.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pst-2dplot.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                            9:svn17257.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-3dplot.noarch                        9:svn43703-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-abspos.noarch                        9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-am.noarch                            9:svn19591.1.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-antiprism.noarch                     9:svn46643-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                         9:svn41980-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-asr.noarch                           9:svn22138.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-bar.noarch                           9:svn18734.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-barcode.noarch                       9:svn45096-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-bezier.noarch                        9:svn41981-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-bspline.noarch                       9:svn40685-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-calculate.noarch                     9:svn49817-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-calendar.noarch                      9:svn15878.0.47-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-cie.noarch                           9:svn49422-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-circ.noarch                          9:svn49791-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                          9:svn37377.1.07-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-contourplot.noarch                   9:svn48230-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-cox.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.98_Beta-39.fc34           @updates                                       
texlive-pst-dart.noarch                          9:svn46579-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-dbicons.noarch                       9:svn17556.0.16-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-diffraction.noarch                   9:svn15878.2.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-electricfield.noarch                 9:svn29803.0.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-eucl.noarch                          9:svn54785-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-eucl-translation-bg-doc.noarch       9:svn19296.1.3.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-pst-exa.noarch                           9:svn45289-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-feyn.noarch                          9:svn48781-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-fit.noarch                           9:svn45109-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-fr3d.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-fractal.noarch                       9:svn54376-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-fun.noarch                           9:svn17909.0.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-func.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-gantt.noarch                         9:svn35832.0.22a-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-pst-geo.noarch                           9:svn46273-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-geometrictools.noarch                9:svn45319-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-ghsb.noarch                          9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-gr3d.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.34-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.06-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-graphicx.noarch                      9:svn21717.0.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-infixplot.noarch                     9:svn15878.0.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-intersect.noarch                     9:svn33210.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-jtree.noarch                         9:svn20946.2.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-knot.noarch                          9:svn16033.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-labo.noarch                          9:svn39077-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-layout.noarch                        9:svn29803.95-39.fc34                  @updates                                       
texlive-pst-lens.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-light3d.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.12-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-lsystem.noarch                       9:svn49556-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-magneticfield.noarch                 9:svn49780-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-marble.noarch                        9:svn50925-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-math.noarch                          9:svn49425-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-mirror.noarch                        9:svn32997.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-moire.noarch                         9:svn49223-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-node.noarch                          9:svn54687-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-ob3d.noarch                          9:svn54514-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-ode.noarch                           9:svn50587-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-optexp.noarch                        9:svn35673.5.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-optic.noarch                         9:svn41999-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-osci.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.82-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-ovl.noarch                           9:svn45506-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-pad.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.3b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-pdf.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-pdgr.noarch                          9:svn45875-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-perspective.noarch                   9:svn39585-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-platon.noarch                        9:svn16538.0.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-poker.noarch                         9:svn53482-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-poly.noarch                          9:svn35062.1.63-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-pulley.noarch                        9:svn45316-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-qtree.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pst-rputover.noarch                      9:svn44724-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-rubans.noarch                        9:svn23464.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-shell.noarch                         9:svn42840-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-sigsys.noarch                        9:svn21667.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                          9:svn24391.1.31-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-solarsystem.noarch                   9:svn45097-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-solides3d.noarch                     9:svn49520-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-soroban.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-spectra.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.91-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-spinner.noarch                       9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-stru.noarch                          9:svn38613-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-support-doc.noarch                   9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pst-text.noarch                          9:svn49542-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-thick.noarch                         9:svn16369.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                         9:svn54518-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                          9:svn43272-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-turtle.noarch                        9:svn52261-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-tvz.noarch                           9:svn23451.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-uml.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.83-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pst-vectorian.noarch                     9:svn28801.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst-vehicle.noarch                       9:svn45320-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-venn.noarch                          9:svn49316-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pst-vowel.noarch                         9:svn25228.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pst2pdf.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pstool.noarch                            9:svn46393-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pstricks.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                      9:svn53763-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pstricks_calcnotes-doc.noarch            9:svn34363.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pstring.noarch                           9:svn42857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-psutils.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptex.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptex-base.noarch                         9:svn54153-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptex-fontmaps.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptex-fonts.noarch                        9:svn46940-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptex-manual.noarch                       9:svn54450-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptex2pdf.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptext.noarch                             9:svn30171.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ptolemaicastronomy.noarch                9:svn50810-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ptptex.noarch                            9:svn19440.0.91-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-punk.noarch                              9:svn27388.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-punk-latex.noarch                        9:svn27389.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-punknova.noarch                          9:svn24649.1.003-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-purifyeps.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxbase.noarch                            9:svn44756-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxchfon.noarch                           9:svn54895-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxcjkcat.noarch                          9:svn47266-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-pxgreeks.noarch                          9:svn21838.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pxjahyper.noarch                         9:svn54863-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxjodel.noarch                           9:svn51379-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxpgfmark.noarch                         9:svn30212.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-pxrubrica.noarch                         9:svn48421-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxtatescale.noarch                       9:svn43009-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxtxalfa.noarch                          9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pxufont.noarch                           9:svn53733-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pygmentex.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-python.noarch                            9:svn27064.0.21-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-pythonhighlight.noarch                   9:svn43191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-pythontex.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-qcircuit.noarch                          9:svn48400-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-qcm.noarch                               9:svn15878.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-qobitree.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-qpxqtx.noarch                            9:svn45797-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-qrcode.noarch                            9:svn36065.1.51-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-qsharp.noarch                            9:svn49722-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-qstest.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-qsymbols.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-qtree.noarch                             9:svn15878.3.1b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-qualitype.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quantikz.noarch                          9:svn54911-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quantumarticle.noarch                    9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quattrocento.noarch                      9:svn56020-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quicktype.noarch                         9:svn42183-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quiz2socrative.noarch                    9:svn52276-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quotchap.noarch                          9:svn51591-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quoting.noarch                           9:svn32818.v0.1c-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-quotmark.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-quran.noarch                             9:svn54333-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quran-de.noarch                          9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-quran-ur.noarch                          9:svn54191-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-r_und_s.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.3i-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                          9:svn51780-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-raleway.noarch                           9:svn42629-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ran_toks.noarch                          9:svn53271-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-randbild.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-random.noarch                            9:svn54723-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-randomlist.noarch                        9:svn45281-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-randomwalk.noarch                        9:svn49513-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-randtext.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-rank-2-roots.noarch                      9:svn48515-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rccol.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.2c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-rcs.noarch                               9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-rcs-multi.noarch                         9:svn21939.0.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-rcsinfo.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-readarray.noarch                         9:svn42467-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-realboxes.noarch                         9:svn23581.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-realhats.noarch                          9:svn52865-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-realscripts.noarch                       9:svn39706-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rec-thy.noarch                           9:svn50047-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-recipe.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-recipebook.noarch                        9:svn37026.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-recipecard.noarch                        9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rectopma.noarch                          9:svn19980.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-recycle.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-refcheck.noarch                          9:svn29128.1.9.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-refcount.noarch                          9:svn53164-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-refenums.noarch                          9:svn44131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-reflectgraphics.noarch                   9:svn40612-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-refman.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.0e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-refstyle.noarch                          9:svn20318.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-regcount.noarch                          9:svn19979.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-regexpatch.noarch                        9:svn47601-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-register.noarch                          9:svn54485-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-regstats.noarch                          9:svn25050.1.0h-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-reledmac.noarch                          9:svn54813-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-relenc.noarch                            9:svn22050.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-relsize.noarch                           9:svn30707.4.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-reotex.noarch                            9:svn34924.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-repeatindex.noarch                       9:svn24305.0.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-repere.noarch                            9:svn51363-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-repltext.noarch                          9:svn33442.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                    9:svn54841-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-resphilosophica.noarch                   9:svn50935-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rest-api.noarch                          9:svn54486-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-resumecls.noarch                         9:svn54815-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-resumemac.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-returntogrid.noarch                      9:svn48485-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-reverxii-doc.noarch                      9:svn24976.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-revquantum.noarch                        9:svn43505-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-revtex.noarch                            9:svn49751-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-revtex-doc.noarch                        9:svn49751-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-revtex4.noarch                           9:svn45873-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rgltxdoc.noarch                          9:svn53858-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ribbonproofs.noarch                      9:svn31137.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rjlparshap.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rlepsf.noarch                            9:svn19082.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-rmathbr.noarch                           9:svn40415-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rmpage.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-roboto.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-robustcommand.noarch                     9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-robustindex.noarch                       9:svn49877-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-roex.noarch                              9:svn45818-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-romanbar.noarch                          9:svn25005.1.0f-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-romanbarpagenumber.noarch                9:svn36236.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-romande.noarch                           9:svn19537.1.008_v7_sc-39.fc34         @updates                                       
texlive-romanneg.noarch                          9:svn20087.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-romannum.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-rosario.noarch                           9:svn51688-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rotfloat.noarch                          9:svn18292.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rotpages.noarch                          9:svn18740.3.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-roundbox.noarch                          9:svn29675.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-roundrect.noarch                         9:svn39796-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rrgtrees.noarch                          9:svn27322.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rsc.noarch                               9:svn41923-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rsfs.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-rsfso.noarch                             9:svn37965.1.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-rterface.noarch                          9:svn30084.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-rtkinenc.noarch                          9:svn20003.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-rtklage.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-rubik.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ruhyphen.noarch                          9:svn21081.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ruler.noarch                             9:svn54251-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rulerbox.noarch                          9:svn50984-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rulercompass.noarch                      9:svn32392.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-russ.noarch                              9:svn25209-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rutitlepage.noarch                       9:svn51073-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-rviewport.noarch                         9:svn23739.v1.0-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-rvwrite.noarch                           9:svn19614.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ryersonsgsthesis.noarch                  9:svn50119-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ryethesis.noarch                         9:svn33945.1.36-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sa-tikz.noarch                           9:svn32815.0.7a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sageep.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sanitize-umlaut.noarch                   9:svn53292-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sanskrit.noarch                          9:svn42925-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sanskrit-t1.noarch                       9:svn35737.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-sansmath.noarch                          9:svn17997.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                    9:svn53628-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sansmathfonts.noarch                     9:svn51356-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sapthesis.noarch                         9:svn48365-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sasnrdisplay.noarch                      9:svn45963-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sauerj.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-sauter.noarch                            9:svn13293.2.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sauterfonts.noarch                       9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-savefnmark.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-savesym.noarch                           9:svn31565.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-savetrees.noarch                         9:svn40525-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scale.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-scalebar.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-scalerel.noarch                          9:svn42809-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scanpages.noarch                         9:svn42633-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-schedule.noarch                          9:svn51805-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-schemabloc.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-schemata.noarch                          9:svn54326-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scheme-full.noarch                       9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scheme-medium.noarch                     9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scholax.noarch                           9:svn55400-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-schule.noarch                            9:svn48471-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-schulmathematik.noarch                   9:svn53815-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-schulschriften.noarch                    9:svn35730.4-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-schwalbe-chess.noarch                    9:svn53305-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scientific-thesis-cover.noarch           9:svn47923-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sciposter.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.18-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sclang-prettifier.noarch                 9:svn35087.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-scontents.noarch                         9:svn53504-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scratch.noarch                           9:svn50073-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scratch3.noarch                          9:svn54916-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scratchx.noarch                          9:svn44906-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-screenplay.noarch                        9:svn27223.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-screenplay-pkg.noarch                    9:svn44965-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scrjrnl.noarch                           9:svn27810.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-scrlttr2copy.noarch                      9:svn39734-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-scsnowman.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sdaps.noarch                             9:svn54678-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sdrt.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sduthesis.noarch                         9:svn41401-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-secdot.noarch                            9:svn20208.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-secnum.noarch                            9:svn53657-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-section.noarch                           9:svn20180.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-sectionbox.noarch                        9:svn37749.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sectionbreak.noarch                      9:svn50339-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sectsty.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.0.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-seealso.noarch                           9:svn43595-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-seetexk.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-selectp.noarch                           9:svn20185.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-selinput.noarch                          9:svn53098-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-selnolig.noarch                          9:svn38721-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-semantic.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-semantic-markup.noarch                   9:svn53607-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-semaphor.noarch                          9:svn18651.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-seminar.noarch                           9:svn34011.1.62-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-semioneside.noarch                       9:svn15878.v0.41-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-semproc.noarch                           9:svn37568.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sepfootnotes.noarch                      9:svn41732-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sepnum.noarch                            9:svn20186.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-seqsplit.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-serbian-apostrophe.noarch                9:svn23799.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-serbian-date-lat.noarch                  9:svn23446.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-serbian-def-cyr.noarch                   9:svn23734.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-serbian-lig.noarch                       9:svn53127-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sesamanuel.noarch                        9:svn36613.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sesstime.noarch                          9:svn49750-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-setdeck.noarch                           9:svn40613-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-setspace.noarch                          9:svn24881.6.7a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-seuthesis.noarch                         9:svn33042.2.1.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-seuthesix.noarch                         9:svn40088-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sexam.noarch                             9:svn46628-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sf298.noarch                             9:svn41653-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sffms.noarch                             9:svn15878.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sfg.noarch                               9:svn20209.0.91-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sfmath.noarch                            9:svn15878.0.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sgame.noarch                             9:svn30959.2.15-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-shade.noarch                             9:svn22212.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-shadethm.noarch                          9:svn53350-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-shadow.noarch                            9:svn20312.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-shadowtext.noarch                        9:svn26522.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-shapepar.noarch                          9:svn30708.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-shapes.noarch                            9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-shdoc.noarch                             9:svn41991-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-shipunov.noarch                          9:svn52334-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-shobhika.noarch                          9:svn50555-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-short-math-guide.noarch                  9:svn46126-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-shortmathj.noarch                        9:svn54407-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-shorttoc.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-show2e.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-showcharinbox.noarch                     9:svn29803.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-showdim.noarch                           9:svn28918.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-showexpl.noarch                          9:svn42677-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-showhyphens.noarch                       9:svn39787-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-showlabels.noarch                        9:svn41322-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-showtags.noarch                          9:svn20336.1.05-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-shuffle.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sidecap.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.6f-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sidenotes.noarch                         9:svn54524-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sides.noarch                             9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-signchart.noarch                         9:svn39707-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-silence.noarch                           9:svn27028.1.5b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-simple-resume-cv.noarch                  9:svn43057-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simple-thesis-dissertation.noarch        9:svn43058-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simplebnf.noarch                         9:svn53370-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simplecd.noarch                          9:svn29260.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-simplecv.noarch                          9:svn35537.1.6a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-simpleinvoice.noarch                     9:svn45673-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simplekv.noarch                          9:svn54915-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simpleoptics.noarch                      9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simpler-wick.noarch                      9:svn39074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-simplewick.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-simplified-latex-doc.noarch              9:svn20620.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-simurgh.noarch                           9:svn31719.0.01b-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-sitem.noarch                             9:svn22136.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-siunitx.noarch                           9:svn53914-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-skak.noarch                              9:svn46259-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-skaknew.noarch                           9:svn20031.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-skb.noarch                               9:svn22781.0.52-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-skdoc.noarch                             9:svn52211-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-skeycommand.noarch                       9:svn24652.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-skeyval.noarch                           9:svn30560.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-skmath.noarch                            9:svn52411-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-skrapport.noarch                         9:svn52412-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-skull.noarch                             9:svn51907-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-slantsc.noarch                           9:svn25007.2.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-slideshow.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-smalltableof.noarch                      9:svn20333.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-smartdiagram.noarch                      9:svn42781-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-smartref.noarch                          9:svn20311.1.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-smartunits.noarch                        9:svn39592-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-snapshot.noarch                          9:svn52115-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-snotez.noarch                            9:svn30355.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-songbook.noarch                          9:svn18136.4.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-songs.noarch                             9:svn51494-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sort-by-letters.noarch                   9:svn27128.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-soton.noarch                             9:svn16215.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-soul.noarch                              9:svn15878.2.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-soulpos.noarch                           9:svn52663-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-soulutf8.noarch                          9:svn53163-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-soup.noarch                              9:svn50815-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sourcecodepro.noarch                     9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sourcesanspro.noarch                     9:svn54892-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sourceserifpro.noarch                    9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spacingtricks.noarch                     9:svn52063-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spalign.noarch                           9:svn42225-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spark-otf.noarch                         9:svn51005-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sparklines.noarch                        9:svn42821-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spath3.noarch                            9:svn50018-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spectralsequences.noarch                 9:svn50072-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spelling.noarch                          9:svn30715.0.41-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sphack.noarch                            9:svn20842.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-sphdthesis.noarch                        9:svn34374.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-spie.noarch                              9:svn15878.3.25-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-splines.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-splitbib.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.17-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-splitindex.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spot.noarch                              9:svn22408.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-spotcolor.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-spreadtab.noarch                         9:svn50147-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-spverbatim.noarch                        9:svn15878.v1.0-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sr-vorl.noarch                           9:svn39529-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-srbook-mem.noarch                        9:svn45818-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-srcltx.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-srcredact.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-srdp-mathematik.noarch                   9:svn54685-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sseq.noarch                              9:svn31585.2.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-sslides.noarch                           9:svn32293.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-stack.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-stackengine.noarch                       9:svn53843-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stage.noarch                             9:svn53915-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-standalone.noarch                        9:svn47136-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stanli.noarch                            9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-starfont.noarch                          9:svn19982.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-startex.noarch                           9:svn35718.1.04-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-statex.noarch                            9:svn20306.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-statex2.noarch                           9:svn23961.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-statistics.noarch                        9:svn52212-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-statistik.noarch                         9:svn20334.0.03-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-statmath.noarch                          9:svn46925-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-staves.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-stdclsdv.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-stdpage.noarch                           9:svn15878.0.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-stealcaps.noarch                         9:svn46434-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-steinmetz.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-stellenbosch.noarch                      9:svn36696.11a-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-step.noarch                              9:svn53731-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stex.noarch                              9:svn50489-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stickstoo.noarch                         9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stix.noarch                              9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stix2-otf.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stix2-type1.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                          9:svn22027.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-storebox.noarch                          9:svn24895.1.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-storecmd.noarch                          9:svn24431.0.0.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-stringenc.noarch                         9:svn52982-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stringstrings.noarch                     9:svn36203.1.23-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-structmech.noarch                        9:svn47859-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-struktex.noarch                          9:svn47931-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sttools.noarch                           9:svn43684-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-stubs.noarch                             9:svn19440.0.1.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-studenthandouts.noarch                   9:svn43516-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sty2dtx.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-suanpan.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-subdepth.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-subdocs.noarch                           9:svn51480-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-subeqn.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.0b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-subeqnarray.noarch                       9:svn15878.2.1c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-subfig.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-subfigmat.noarch                         9:svn20308.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-subfigure.noarch                         9:svn15878.2.1.5-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-subfiles.noarch                          9:svn56977-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-subfloat.noarch                          9:svn29349.2.14-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-substances.noarch                        9:svn40989-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-substitutefont.noarch                    9:svn32066.0.1.4-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-substr.noarch                            9:svn16117.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-subsupscripts.noarch                     9:svn16080.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-subtext.noarch                           9:svn51273-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sudoku.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-sudokubundle.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-suftesi.noarch                           9:svn53903-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-sugconf.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-superiors.noarch                         9:svn51909-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-supertabular.noarch                      9:svn53658-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-susy.noarch                              9:svn19440.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-svg.noarch                               9:svn55643-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-svg-inkscape-doc.noarch                  9:svn32199.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-svgcolor.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-svn.noarch                               9:svn15878.43-39.fc34                  @updates                                       
texlive-svn-multi.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                          9:svn18017.3.1862-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-svninfo.noarch                           9:svn17554.0.7.4-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-svrsymbols.noarch                        9:svn50019-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-swebib.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-swimgraf.noarch                          9:svn25446.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-swrule.noarch                            9:svn54267-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-syllogism.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-symbol.noarch                            9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-sympytexpackage.noarch                   9:svn45818-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-synctex.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-synproof.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-syntax.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-syntrace.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-synttree.noarch                          9:svn16252.1.4.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-systeme.noarch                           9:svn54724-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-t-angles.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-t2.noarch                                9:svn47870-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tabfigures.noarch                        9:svn25202.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-table-fct.noarch                         9:svn41849-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tableaux.noarch                          9:svn42413-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tablefootnote.noarch                     9:svn32804.1.1c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tableof.noarch                           9:svn48815-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tablestyles.noarch                       9:svn34495.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tablists.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.0e-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tablor.noarch                            9:svn31855.4.07_g-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-tabls.noarch                             9:svn17255.3.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tablvar.noarch                           9:svn51543-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tabriz-thesis.noarch                     9:svn51729-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tabstackengine.noarch                    9:svn46848-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tabto-generic.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tabto-ltx.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tabu.noarch                              9:svn49707-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tabularborder.noarch                     9:svn17885.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tabularcalc.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tabularew.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tabulars-e-doc.noarch                    9:svn21191.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tabulary.noarch                          9:svn34368.0.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tabvar.noarch                            9:svn28908.1.7-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tagging.noarch                           9:svn52064-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tagpair.noarch                           9:svn42138-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tagpdf.noarch                            9:svn51535-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-talk.noarch                              9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tamefloats.noarch                        9:svn27345.v0.42-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-tamethebeast-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.1.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tap.noarch                               9:svn31731.0.77-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tapir.noarch                             9:svn20484.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tasks.noarch                             9:svn54814-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tcldoc.noarch                            9:svn22018.2.40-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tcolorbox.noarch                         9:svn54928-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tdclock.noarch                           9:svn33043.v2.5-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tds-doc.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tdsfrmath.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-technics.noarch                          9:svn29349.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-technion-thesis-template.noarch          9:svn49889-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ted.noarch                               9:svn15878.1.06-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-templates-fenn-doc.noarch                9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-templates-sommer-doc.noarch              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-templatetools.noarch                     9:svn34495.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tempora.noarch                           9:svn39596-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tengwarscript.noarch                     9:svn34594.1.3.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-tensind.noarch                           9:svn51481-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tensor.noarch                            9:svn15878.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-termcal.noarch                           9:svn22514.1.8-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-termcal-de.noarch                        9:svn47111-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-termlist.noarch                          9:svn18923.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-termmenu.noarch                          9:svn37700.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-testhyphens.noarch                       9:svn38928-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-testidx.noarch                           9:svn52213-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tetragonos.noarch                        9:svn49732-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-teubner.noarch                           9:svn40197-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-ewd.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tex-font-errors-cheatsheet-doc.noarch    9:svn18314.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                          9:svn48058-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                     9:svn41264-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                     9:svn40533-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-label.noarch                         9:svn16372.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tex-locale.noarch                        9:svn48500-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-nutshell.noarch                      9:svn54689-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-overview-doc.noarch                  9:svn41403-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-ps.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tex-refs-doc.noarch                      9:svn44131-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex-virtual-academy-pl-doc.noarch        9:svn34177.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tex4ebook.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texapi.noarch                            9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texbytopic-doc.noarch                    9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-texcount.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdate.noarch                           9:svn49362-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdef.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdiff.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdirflatten.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdoc.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdoctk.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texdraw.noarch                           9:svn51030-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texfot.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texilikechaps.noarch                     9:svn28553.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-texilikecover.noarch                     9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                9:svn54176-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-cz-doc.noarch                    9:svn50778-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-de-doc.noarch                    9:svn54604-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                  9:svn54903-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-es-doc.noarch                    9:svn54465-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-fr-doc.noarch                    9:svn54749-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-it-doc.noarch                    9:svn54534-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-ja.noarch                        9:svn54334-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch          9:svn54919-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-pl-doc.noarch                    9:svn54425-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-ru-doc.noarch                    9:svn54537-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                   9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-sr-doc.noarch                    9:svn54594-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive-zh-cn-doc.noarch                 9:svn54490-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                     9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texliveonfly.noarch                      9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texloganalyser.noarch                    9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texlogos.noarch                          9:svn19083.1.3.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-texmate.noarch                           9:svn15878.2-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-texments.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-texonly.noarch                           9:svn50985-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texosquery.noarch                        9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texplate.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texpower.noarch                          9:svn29349.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-texproposal-doc.noarch                   9:svn43151-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texshade.noarch                          9:svn46559-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texsis.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-textcase.noarch                          9:svn52092-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-textfit.noarch                           9:svn20591.5-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-textglos.noarch                          9:svn30788.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-textgreek.noarch                         9:svn44192-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-textmerg.noarch                          9:svn20677.2.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-textopo.noarch                           9:svn23796.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-textpath.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-textpos.noarch                           9:svn50988-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-textualicomma.noarch                     9:svn48474-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texvc.noarch                             9:svn46844-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texware.x86_64                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-texworks-doc.noarch                      9:svn54074-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tfrupee.noarch                           9:svn20770.1.02-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-thaienum.noarch                          9:svn44140-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thaispec.noarch                          9:svn51598-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thalie.noarch                            9:svn51789-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-theanodidot.noarch                       9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-theanomodern.noarch                      9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-theanooldstyle.noarch                    9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-theatre.noarch                           9:svn45363-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-theoremref.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thesis-ekf.noarch                        9:svn53685-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thesis-gwu.noarch                        9:svn54287-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thesis-qom.noarch                        9:svn49124-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thesis-titlepage-fhac.noarch             9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-thinsp.noarch                            9:svn39669-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thmbox.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-thmtools.noarch                          9:svn53219-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-threadcol.noarch                         9:svn28754.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-threeddice.noarch                        9:svn20675.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                    9:svn17383.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-threeparttablex.noarch                   9:svn34206.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-thuaslogos.noarch                        9:svn51347-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thucoursework.noarch                     9:svn53891-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thumb.noarch                             9:svn16549.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-thumbs.noarch                            9:svn33134.1.0q-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-thumby.noarch                            9:svn16736.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-thuthesis.noarch                         9:svn53892-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ticket.noarch                            9:svn42280-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ticollege.noarch                         9:svn36306.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tie.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-3dplot.noarch                       9:svn25087.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-bayesnet.noarch                     9:svn38295.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-cd.noarch                           9:svn49201-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-dependency.noarch                   9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-dimline.noarch                      9:svn35805.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-feynhand.noarch                     9:svn51915-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-feynman.noarch                      9:svn39582-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-imagelabels.noarch                  9:svn51490-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-inet.noarch                         9:svn15878.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-kalender.noarch                     9:svn52890-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-karnaugh.noarch                     9:svn47026-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-ladder.noarch                       9:svn46555-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-layers.noarch                       9:svn46660-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-nef.noarch                          9:svn48240-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-network.noarch                      9:svn51884-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-opm.noarch                          9:svn32769.0.1.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-optics.noarch                       9:svn43466-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-page.noarch                         9:svn42039-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-palattice.noarch                    9:svn43442-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-planets.noarch                      9:svn54857-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-qtree.noarch                        9:svn26108.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-relay.noarch                        9:svn51355-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-sfc.noarch                          9:svn49424-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-timing.noarch                       9:svn46111-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-trackschematic.noarch               9:svn53754-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikz-truchet.noarch                      9:svn50020-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzcodeblocks.noarch                    9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzducks.noarch                         9:svn54837-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzinclude.noarch                       9:svn28715.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikzlings.noarch                         9:svn54838-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzmark.noarch                          9:svn52293-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzmarmots.noarch                       9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzorbital.noarch                       9:svn36439.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tikzpagenodes.noarch                     9:svn27723.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikzpeople.noarch                        9:svn43978-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tikzpfeile.noarch                        9:svn25777.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikzposter.noarch                        9:svn32732.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tikzscale.noarch                         9:svn30637.0.2.6-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-tikzsymbols.noarch                       9:svn49975-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-timbreicmc.noarch                        9:svn49740-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-times.noarch                             9:svn35058.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-timetable.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-timing-diagrams.noarch                   9:svn31491.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tinos.noarch                             9:svn42882-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tipa.noarch                              9:svn29349.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tipa-de-doc.noarch                       9:svn22005.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tipfr-doc.noarch                         9:svn38646-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-titlecaps.noarch                         9:svn36170.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-titlefoot.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-titlepages-doc.noarch                    9:svn19457.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-titlepic.noarch                          9:svn43497-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-titleref.noarch                          9:svn18729.3.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-titlesec.noarch                          9:svn52413-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-titling.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.1d-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tkz-base.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tkz-doc.noarch                           9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tkz-euclide.noarch                       9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tkz-fct.noarch                           9:svn54703-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tkz-orm.noarch                           9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tkz-tab.noarch                           9:svn54662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tlc-article.noarch                       9:svn51431-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tlc2-doc.noarch                          9:svn26096.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-tocbibind.noarch                         9:svn20085.1.5k-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tocdata.noarch                           9:svn51654-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tocloft.noarch                           9:svn53364-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tocvsec2.noarch                          9:svn33146.1.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-todo.noarch                              9:svn17746.2.142-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-todonotes.noarch                         9:svn52662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tokcycle.noarch                          9:svn53755-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tokenizer.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.1.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-toolbox.noarch                           9:svn32260.5.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tools.noarch                             9:svn53640-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-topfloat.noarch                          9:svn19084.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-topiclongtable.noarch                    9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-topletter.noarch                         9:svn48182-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-toptesi.noarch                           9:svn51743-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-totcount.noarch                          9:svn21178.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-totpages.noarch                          9:svn15878.2.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-tpic2pdftex.noarch                       9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tpslifonts.noarch                        9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tqft.noarch                              9:svn44455-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tracklang.noarch                         9:svn52991-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-trajan.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tram.noarch                              9:svn29803.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-translation-array-fr-doc.noarch          9:svn24344.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-arsclassica-de-doc.noarch    9:svn23803.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-biblatex-de-doc.noarch       9:svn45592-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-translation-chemsym-de-doc.noarch        9:svn23804.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-dcolumn-fr-doc.noarch        9:svn24345.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-ecv-de-doc.noarch            9:svn24754.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-enumitem-de-doc.noarch       9:svn24196.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-europecv-de-doc.noarch       9:svn23840.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-filecontents-de-doc.noarch   9:svn24010.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-moreverb-de-doc.noarch       9:svn23957.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-natbib-fr-doc.noarch         9:svn25105.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translation-tabbing-fr-doc.noarch        9:svn24228.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-translations.noarch                      9:svn54929-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-translator.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-transparent.noarch                       9:svn52981-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tree-dvips.noarch                        9:svn21751.91-39.fc34                  @updates                                       
texlive-treetex.noarch                           9:svn28176.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-trfsigns.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-trigonometry.noarch                      9:svn43006-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                        9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-trivfloat.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.3b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-trsym.noarch                             9:svn18732.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-truncate.noarch                          9:svn18921.3.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tsemlines.noarch                         9:svn23440.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ttfutils.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tucv.noarch                              9:svn20680.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-tuda-ci.noarch                           9:svn54878-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tudscr.noarch                            9:LPPL-39.fc34                         @updates                                       
texlive-tufte-latex.noarch                       9:svn37649.3.5.2-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-tugboat.noarch                           9:svn54261-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tugboat-plain.noarch                     9:svn51373-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-tui.noarch                               9:svn27253.1.9-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-turabian.noarch                          9:svn36298.0.1.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-turabian-formatting.noarch               9:svn54436-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-turkmen.noarch                           9:svn17748.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-turnstile.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-turnthepage.noarch                       9:svn29803.1.3a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-twemoji-colr.noarch                      9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-twoinone.noarch                          9:svn17024.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-twoup.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-txfonts.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-txfontsb.noarch                          9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-txgreeks.noarch                          9:svn21839.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-txuprcal.noarch                          9:svn43327-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-type1cm.noarch                           9:svn21820.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-typed-checklist.noarch                   9:svn49731-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-typeface.noarch                          9:svn27046.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-typehtml.noarch                          9:svn17134.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-typeoutfileinfo.noarch                   9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-typewriter.noarch                        9:svn46641-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-typicons.noarch                          9:svn37623.2.0.7-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-typoaid.noarch                           9:svn44238-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-typogrid.noarch                          9:svn24994.0.21-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-uaclasses.noarch                         9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-uafthesis.noarch                         9:svn29349.12.12-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-uantwerpendocs.noarch                    9:svn51007-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uassign.noarch                           9:svn38459-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucalgmthesis.noarch                      9:svn52527-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucbthesis.noarch                         9:svn51690-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucdavisthesis.noarch                     9:svn40772-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                          9:svn38907-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                      9:svn45024-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucs.noarch                               9:svn35853.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ucsmonograph.noarch                      9:svn52698-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ucthesis.noarch                          9:svn15878.3.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-udesoftec.noarch                         9:svn54215-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uebungsblatt.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.5.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-uestcthesis.noarch                       9:svn36371.1.1.0-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-uhc.noarch                               9:svn16791.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-uhhassignment.noarch                     9:svn44026-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uhrzeit.noarch                           9:svn39570-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uiucredborder.noarch                     9:svn29974.1.00-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-uiucthesis.noarch                        9:svn15878.2.25-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ukrhyph.noarch                           9:svn21081.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-ulem.noarch                              9:svn53365-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ulqda.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ulthese.noarch                           9:svn52972-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-umbclegislation.noarch                   9:svn41348-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-umich-thesis.noarch                      9:svn15878.1.20-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-uml.noarch                               9:svn17476.0.11-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-umlaute.noarch                           9:svn15878.v2.1-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-umoline.noarch                           9:svn19085.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-umthesis.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-umtypewriter.noarch                      9:svn18651.001.002-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-unam-thesis.noarch                       9:svn51207-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unamth-template-doc.noarch               9:svn33625.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-unamthesis.noarch                        9:svn43639-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-undergradmath-doc.noarch                 9:svn42926-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-underlin.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-underoverlap.noarch                      9:svn29019.0.0.1_r1-39.fc34            @updates                                       
texlive-underscore.noarch                        9:svn18261.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-undolabl.noarch                          9:svn36681.1.0l-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-unfonts-core.noarch                      9:svn49455-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unfonts-extra.noarch                     9:svn44465-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uni-wtal-ger.noarch                      9:svn31541.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-uni-wtal-lin.noarch                      9:svn31409.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-unicode-alphabets.noarch                 9:svn54236-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unicode-bidi.noarch                      9:svn42482-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                      9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                      9:svn53609-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unifith.noarch                           9:svn51968-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                     9:svn53162-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unisugar.noarch                          9:svn22357.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-unitn-bimrep.noarch                      9:svn45581-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-units.noarch                             9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unitsdef.noarch                          9:svn15878.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-universa.noarch                          9:svn51984-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-universalis.noarch                       9:svn33860.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-univie-ling.noarch                       9:svn49785-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unravel.noarch                           9:svn52822-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-unswcover.noarch                         9:svn29476.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-uothesis.noarch                          9:svn25355.2.5.6-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-uowthesis.noarch                         9:svn19700.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-uowthesistitlepage.noarch                9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-upca.noarch                              9:svn22511.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                        9:svn56618-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uplatex.noarch                           9:svn54276-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-upmethodology.noarch                     9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uppunctlm.noarch                         9:svn42334-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-upquote.noarch                           9:svn26059.v1.3-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-uptex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uptex-base.noarch                        9:svn54043-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uptex-fonts.noarch                       9:svn54045-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-upzhkinsoku.noarch                       9:svn47354-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-urcls.noarch                             9:svn49903-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uri.noarch                               9:svn48602-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-url.noarch                               9:svn32528.3.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-urlbst.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-urwchancal.noarch                        9:svn21701.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-usebib.noarch                            9:svn25969.1.0a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-ushort.noarch                            9:svn32261.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-uspace.noarch                            9:svn42456-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-uspatent.noarch                          9:svn27744.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-ut-thesis.noarch                         9:svn38269.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-utexasthesis.noarch                      9:svn48648-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-utf8mex.noarch                           9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-utopia.noarch                            9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-uwthesis.noarch                          9:svn15878.6.13-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-vak.noarch                               9:svn23431.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-vancouver.noarch                         9:svn34470.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-variablelm.noarch                        9:svn46611-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-variations.noarch                        9:svn15878.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-varindex.noarch                          9:svn32262.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-varisize.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-varsfromjobname.noarch                   9:svn44154-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-varwidth.noarch                          9:svn24104.0.92-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-vaucanson-g.noarch                       9:svn15878.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-vdmlisting.noarch                        9:svn29944.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-velthuis.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-venn.noarch                              9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-venndiagram.noarch                       9:svn47952-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-venturisadf.noarch                       9:svn19444.1.005-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-verbasef.noarch                          9:svn21922.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-verbatimbox.noarch                       9:svn33197.3.13-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-verbatimcopy.noarch                      9:svn15878.0.06-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-verbdef.noarch                           9:svn17177.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-verbments.noarch                         9:svn23670.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-verifica.noarch                          9:svn53722-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-verse.noarch                             9:svn34017.2.4b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-version.noarch                           9:svn21920.2.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-versions.noarch                          9:svn21921.0.55-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-versonotes.noarch                        9:svn51568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-vertbars.noarch                          9:svn49429-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-vgrid.noarch                             9:svn32457.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-vhistory.noarch                          9:svn30080.1.6.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-visualfaq-doc.noarch                     9:svn38647-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-visualpstricks-doc.noarch                9:svn39799-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-visualtikz-doc.noarch                    9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-vlna.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-vmargin.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-vntex.noarch                             9:svn30579.3.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-vocaltract.noarch                        9:svn25629.1-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-volumes.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-voss-mathcol-doc.noarch                  9:svn32954.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-vpe.noarch                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-vruler.noarch                            9:svn21598.2.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-vtable.noarch                            9:svn51126-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-vwcol.noarch                             9:svn36254.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-wadalab.noarch                           9:svn42428-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wallcalendar.noarch                      9:svn45568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wallpaper.noarch                         9:svn15878.1.10-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-warning.noarch                           9:svn22028.0.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-warpcol.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0c-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-was.noarch                               9:svn21439.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-wasy.noarch                              9:svn53533-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                        9:svn53534-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wasysym.noarch                           9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-web.x86_64                               9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-webguide-doc.noarch                      9:svn25813.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-webquiz.noarch                           9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-widetable.noarch                         9:svn53409-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-widows-and-orphans.noarch                9:svn53505-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-williams.noarch                          9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-willowtreebook.noarch                    9:svn54866-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-windycity.noarch                         9:svn51668-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-withargs.noarch                          9:svn52641-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-witharrows.noarch                        9:svn54707-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wnri.noarch                              9:svn22459.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-wnri-latex.noarch                        9:svn22338.1.0b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-wordcount.noarch                         9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wordlike.noarch                          9:svn15878.1.2b-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-worksheet.noarch                         9:svn48423-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                           9:svn22048.3.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-wsemclassic.noarch                       9:svn31532.1.0.1-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-wsuipa.noarch                            9:svn25469.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-wtref.noarch                             9:svn42981-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xargs.noarch                             9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xassoccnt.noarch                         9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xbmks.noarch                             9:svn53448-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcharter.noarch                          9:svn56692-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcite.noarch                             9:svn53486-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcjk2uni.noarch                          9:svn50848-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcntperchap.noarch                       9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcolor.noarch                            9:svn41044-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcolor-material.noarch                   9:svn42289-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcolor-solarized.noarch                  9:svn41809-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xcomment.noarch                          9:svn20031.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xcookybooky.noarch                       9:svn36435.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xcpdftips.noarch                         9:svn50449-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xdoc.noarch                              9:svn15878.prot2.5-39.fc34             @updates                                       
texlive-xduthesis.noarch                         9:svn39694-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                              9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xebaposter.noarch                        9:svn42046-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xechangebar.noarch                       9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xecjk.noarch                             9:svn53835-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xecolor.noarch                           9:svn29660.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xecyr.noarch                             9:svn54308-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xecyrmongolian.noarch                    9:svn53160-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xeindex.noarch                           9:svn35756.0.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xellipsis.noarch                         9:svn47546-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xepersian.noarch                         9:svn53625-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xepersian-hm.noarch                      9:svn54962-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xesearch.noarch                          9:svn16041.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-xespotcolor.noarch                       9:svn40118-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xetex.x86_64                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xetex-devanagari.noarch                  9:svn34296.0.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                      9:svn35088.4.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                    9:svn17055.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                     9:svn28847.0.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                       9:svn45845-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                     9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-xetexko.noarch                           9:svn53826-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xetexref-doc.noarch                      9:svn53068-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xevlna.noarch                            9:svn43864-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xfakebold.noarch                         9:svn54779-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xfor.noarch                              9:svn15878.1.05-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-xgreek.noarch                            9:svn46662-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xhfill.noarch                            9:svn22575.1.01-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-xifthen.noarch                           9:svn38929-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xii-doc.noarch                           9:svn45804-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xii-lat.noarch                           9:svn45805-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xindex.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xint.noarch                              9:svn53930-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xits.noarch                              9:svn52046-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xkcdcolors.noarch                        9:svn54512-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                           9:svn35741.2.7a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-xlop.noarch                              9:svn42899-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xltabular.noarch                         9:svn54437-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                           9:svn49555-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xmltex.noarch                            9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                      9:svn45845-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xmpincl.noarch                           9:svn15878.2.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xnewcommand.noarch                       9:svn15878.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xoptarg.noarch                           9:svn15878.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xpatch.noarch                            9:svn54563-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xpdfopen.x86_64                          9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xpeek.noarch                             9:svn27442.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xpiano.noarch                            9:svn37604.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xpicture.noarch                          9:svn28770.1.2a-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-xpinyin.noarch                           9:svn50849-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xprintlen.noarch                         9:svn35928.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xpunctuate.noarch                        9:svn26641.1.0-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xq.noarch                                9:svn35211.0.4-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xsavebox.noarch                          9:svn54097-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xsim.noarch                              9:svn54681-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xskak.noarch                             9:svn51432-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xstring.noarch                           9:svn49946-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xtab.noarch                              9:svn23347.2.3f-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-xtuthesis.noarch                         9:svn47049-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xunicode.noarch                          9:svn30466.0.981-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-xurl.noarch                              9:svn53538-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-xwatermark.noarch                        9:svn28090.1.5.2d-39.fc34              @updates                                       
texlive-xyling.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-xymtex.noarch                            9:svn32182.5.06-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-xypic.noarch                             9:svn31859.3.8.9-39.fc34               @updates                                       
texlive-xypic-tut-pt-doc.noarch                  9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-xytree.noarch                            9:svn15878.1.5-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-yafoot.noarch                            9:svn48568-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yagusylo.noarch                          9:svn29803.1.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-yaletter.noarch                          9:svn42830-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yannisgr.noarch                          9:svn22613.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-yathesis.noarch                          9:svn54740-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yax.noarch                               9:svn54080-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yazd-thesis.noarch                       9:svn51725-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ycbook.noarch                            9:svn46201-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ydoc.noarch                              9:svn26202.0.6alpha-39.fc34            @updates                                       
texlive-yfonts.noarch                            9:svn50755-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yfonts-t1.noarch                         9:svn36013-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yhmath.noarch                            9:svn54377-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yinit-otf.noarch                         9:svn40207-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-york-thesis.noarch                       9:svn23348.3.6-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-youngtab.noarch                          9:svn17635.1.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-yplan.noarch                             9:20200327-30.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-yquant.noarch                            9:svn54737-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ytableau.noarch                          9:svn27430.1.3-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                          9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-zapfding.noarch                          9:svn31835.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-zebra-goodies.noarch                     9:svn51554-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zed-csp.noarch                           9:svn17258.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-zhlineskip.noarch                        9:svn51142-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zhlipsum.noarch                          9:svn54758-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zhmetrics.noarch                         9:svn22207.r206-39.fc34                @updates                                       
texlive-zhmetrics-uptex.noarch                   9:svn40728-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zhnumber.noarch                          9:svn50850-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zhspacing.noarch                         9:svn41145-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-ziffer.noarch                            9:svn32279.2.1-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-zlmtt.noarch                             9:svn51368-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zootaxa-bst.noarch                       9:svn50619-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zref.noarch                              9:svn54098-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zwgetfdate.noarch                        9:svn15878.0-39.fc34                   @updates                                       
texlive-zwpagelayout.noarch                      9:svn53965-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zxjafbfont.noarch                        9:svn28539.0.2-39.fc34                 @updates                                       
texlive-zxjafont.noarch                          9:svn53884-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
texlive-zxjatype.noarch                          9:svn53500-39.fc34                     @updates                                       
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                0.7.2-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                 0.7.2-3.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
tigervnc-license.noarch                          1.11.0-12.fc34                         @updates                                       
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                   1.11.0-12.fc34                         @updates                                       
time.x86_64                                      1.9-16.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
tix.x86_64                                       1:8.4.3-31.fc34                        @fedora                                        
tk.x86_64                                        1:8.6.10-6.fc34                        @fedora                                        
tk-devel.x86_64                                  1:8.6.10-6.fc34                        @fedora                                        
tlp.noarch                                       1.3.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
tlp-rdw.noarch                                   1.3.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
tmux.x86_64                                      3.1c-2.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
tor.x86_64                                       0.4.5.10-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
torbrowser-launcher.noarch                       0.3.5-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
torsocks.x86_64                                  2.3.0-9.fc34                           @fedora                                        
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                           3.26.6-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                  3.1.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
traceroute.x86_64                                3:2.1.0-13.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
tracker.x86_64                                   3.1.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
tracker-miners.x86_64                            3.1.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
tre.x86_64                                       0.8.0-32.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc34       @fedora                                        
tre-common.noarch                                0.8.0-32.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc34       @fedora                                        
tre-devel.x86_64                                 0.8.0-32.20140228gitc2f5d13.fc34       @fedora                                        
tree.x86_64                                      1.8.0-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
trousers.x86_64                                  0.3.15-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
trousers-lib.x86_64                              0.3.15-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                  3.0.9-63.fc34                          @fedora                                        
twolame-libs.x86_64                              0.3.13-17.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
tzdata.noarch                                    2021a-1.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
tzdata-java.noarch                               2021a-1.fc34                           @fedora                                        
uchardet.x86_64                                  0.0.6-13.fc34                          @updates                                       
udftools.x86_64                                  2.3-2.fc34                             @updates                                       
udisks2.x86_64                                   2.9.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                             2.9.3-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
unbound-libs.x86_64                              1.13.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
ungoogled-chromium.x86_64                        92.0.4515.131-3.1                      @home_ungoogled_chromium                       
unicode-ucd.noarch                               13.0.0-3.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
unrar.x86_64                                     6.0.5-1.fc34                           @rpmfusion-nonfree-updates                     
unzip.x86_64                                     6.0-50.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
upower.x86_64                                    0.99.13-1.fc34                         @updates                                       
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                  20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                     20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                 20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                          20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                   20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-fonts-legacy.noarch                   20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                   20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch           20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch             20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch              20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                     20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch      20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                     20200910-6.fc34                        @updates                                       
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                            2.6.1-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                       20191128-4.fc34                        @anaconda                                      
usbutils.x86_64                                  014-1.fc34                             @updates                                       
usermode.x86_64                                  1.114-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
userspace-rcu.x86_64                             0.12.1-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
uthash-devel.noarch                              2.0.2-10.fc34                          @fedora                                        
util-linux.x86_64                                2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
util-linux-user.x86_64                           2.36.2-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
valgrind.x86_64                                  1:3.17.0-1.fc34                        @fedora                                        
valgrind-devel.x86_64                            1:3.17.0-1.fc34                        @fedora                                        
vamp-plugin-sdk.x86_64                           2.9.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
vapoursynth-libs.x86_64                          51-2.fc34                              @fedora                                        
vid.stab.x86_64                                  1.1.0-16.20190213gitaeabc8d.fc34       @fedora                                        
vim-X11.x86_64                                   2:8.2.3404-1.fc34                      @updates                                       
vim-common.x86_64                                2:8.2.3404-1.fc34                      @updates                                       
vim-filesystem.noarch                            2:8.2.3404-1.fc34                      @updates                                       
vim-minimal.x86_64                               2:8.2.3404-1.fc34                      @updates                                       
vo-amrwbenc.x86_64                               0.1.3-14.fc34                          @rpmfusion-free                                
volume_key-libs.x86_64                           0.3.12-14.fc34                         @updates                                       
volumeicon.x86_64                                0.5.1-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
vpnc.x86_64                                      0.5.3-41.svn550.fc34                   @fedora                                        
vpnc-script.noarch                               20201205-2.gitcdbd5b.fc34              @fedora                                        
vulkan-loader.x86_64                             1.2.162.0-2.fc34                       @anaconda                                      
w3m.x86_64                                       0.5.3-50.git20210102.fc34              @fedora                                        
w3m-img.x86_64                                   0.5.3-50.git20210102.fc34              @fedora                                        
wavpack.x86_64                                   5.4.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
wayland-devel.x86_64                             1.19.0-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                   1.21-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                     5-13.fc34                              @anaconda                                      
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                               2.32.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                           2.32.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                   0.3.1-6.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
wget.x86_64                                      1.21.1-3.fc34                          @updates                                       
which.x86_64                                     2.21-26.fc34                           @updates                                       
whois-nls.noarch                                 5.5.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
wireless-regdb.noarch                            2020.11.20-2.fc34                      @anaconda                                      
wireless-tools.x86_64                            1:29-27.fc34                           @fedora                                        
woff2.x86_64                                     1.0.2-12.fc34                          @updates                                       
wolframscript.x86_64                             1.6-20210521191                        @System                                        
words.noarch                                     3.0-37.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                            1:2.9-13.fc34                          @updates                                       
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                            1.9.92-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
wxBase.x86_64                                    3.1.4-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
wxGTK.x86_64                                     3.1.4-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
wxGTK-i18n.noarch                                3.1.4-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
x264-libs.x86_64                                 0.161-6.20210412git55d517b.fc34        @rpmfusion-free                                
x265-libs.x86_64                                 3.5-1.fc34                             @rpmfusion-free                                
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                          1.4.18-1.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xbacklight.x86_64                                1.2.3-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xcb-util.x86_64                                  0.4.0-17.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-cursor.x86_64                           0.1.3-12.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-devel.x86_64                            0.4.0-17.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xcb-util-image.x86_64                            0.4.0-17.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-image-devel.x86_64                      0.4.0-17.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                          0.4.0-15.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                       0.3.9-18.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-renderutil-devel.x86_64                 0.3.9-18.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                               0.4.1-20.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-xrm.x86_64                              1.3-7.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
xcb-util-xrm-devel.x86_64                        1.3-7.fc34                             @fedora                                        
xclip.x86_64                                     0.13-14.git11cba61.fc34                @updates                                       
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                            0.1.2-4.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                        1.8.1-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                    1.8.0-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.x86_64                    5.22.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                             0.17-8.fc34                            @fedora                                        
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                         0.10-20.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xdg-utils.noarch                                 1.1.3-9.fc34                           @updates                                       
xdpyinfo.x86_64                                  1.3.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xemacs-filesystem.noarch                         21.5.34-39.20200331hge2ac728aa576.fc34 @fedora                                        
xerces-c.x86_64                                  3.2.3-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xev.x86_64                                       1.2.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xfce4-panel.x86_64                               4.16.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xfce4-settings.x86_64                            4.16.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xfconf.x86_64                                    4.16.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xfd.x86_64                                       1.1.2-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xfsprogs.x86_64                                  5.10.0-2.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xhost.x86_64                                     1.0.8-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
xkbcomp.x86_64                                   1.4.4-2.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
xkeyboard-config.noarch                          2.33-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
xl2tpd.x86_64                                    1.3.15-2.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xlsatoms.x86_64                                  1.1.2-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xlsclients.x86_64                                1.1.4-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xlsfonts.x86_64                                  1.0.6-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xmessage.x86_64                                  1.0.5-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xml-common.noarch                                0.6.3-56.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                  1.51.0-12.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                           1.51.0-12.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
xmlsec1.x86_64                                   1.2.29-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                               1.2.29-3.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xmodmap.x86_64                                   1.0.10-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xorg-x11-drv-amdgpu.x86_64                       21.0.0-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                          19.1.0-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                        2.10.6-9.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                        0.5.0-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                        2.99.917-50.20200205.fc34              @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                     1.0.1-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                      1:1.0.17-1.fc34                        @updates                                       
xorg-x11-drv-openchrome.x86_64                   0.6.400-1.20210215git5dbad06.fc34      @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                          0.1.5-19.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                         2.4.0-11.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                       13.2.1-15.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                        0.40.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64         0.40.0-1.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                       1:7.5-51.fc34                          @fedora                                        
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch           7.5-31.fc34                            @updates                                       
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                      7.5-31.fc34                            @updates                                       
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                       7.5-31.fc34                            @updates                                       
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                      2021.4-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                      1.20.11-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                  21.1.2-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                    1.20.11-1.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                            1:1.1-8.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                            1.4.0-10.fc34                          @updates                                       
xournal.x86_64                                   0.4.8.2016-8.fc34                      @fedora                                        
xprop.x86_64                                     1.2.3-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xrandr.x86_64                                    1.5.1-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xrdb.x86_64                                      1.2.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
xset.x86_64                                      1.2.4-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xsetroot.x86_64                                  1.1.2-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xsettingsd.x86_64                                1.0.2-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
xterm.x86_64                                     366-1.fc34                             @fedora                                        
xterm-resize.x86_64                              366-1.fc34                             @fedora                                        
xvidcore.x86_64                                  1.3.7-5.fc34                           @rpmfusion-free                                
xvinfo.x86_64                                    1.1.3-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xwininfo.x86_64                                  1.1.5-2.fc34                           @updates                                       
xxhash-libs.x86_64                               0.8.0-3.fc34                           @updates                                       
xz.x86_64                                        5.2.5-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
xz-devel.x86_64                                  5.2.5-5.fc34                           @fedora                                        
xz-libs.x86_64                                   5.2.5-5.fc34                           @anaconda                                      
yajl.x86_64                                      2.1.0-16.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
yaml-cpp.x86_64                                  0.6.3-4.fc34                           @fedora                                        
yelp.x86_64                                      2:40.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
yelp-libs.x86_64                                 2:40.3-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
yelp-xsl.noarch                                  40.2-1.fc34                            @updates                                       
ykpers.x86_64                                    1.20.0-7.fc34                          @fedora                                        
youtube-dl.noarch                                2021.06.06-1.fc34                      @updates                                       
yum.noarch                                       4.8.0-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
zathura.x86_64                                   0.4.7-2.fc34                           @fedora                                        
zathura-djvu.x86_64                              0.2.9-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
zathura-pdf-mupdf.x86_64                         0.3.7-1.fc34                           @updates                                       
zathura-pdf-poppler.x86_64                       0.3.0-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
zchunk-libs.x86_64                               1.1.15-1.fc34                          @updates                                       
zd1211-firmware.noarch                           1.5-8.fc34                             @anaconda                                      
zenity.x86_64                                    3.32.0-5.fc34                          @anaconda                                      
zimg.x86_64                                      3.0.1-3.fc34                           @fedora                                        
zip.x86_64                                       3.0-28.fc34                            @anaconda                                      
zlib.x86_64                                      1.2.11-26.fc34                         @anaconda                                      
zlib-devel.x86_64                                1.2.11-26.fc34                         @fedora                                        
zram-generator.x86_64                            0.3.2-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                   0.3.2-4.fc34                           @updates                                       
zvbi.x86_64                                      0.2.35-13.fc34                         @fedora                                        
zziplib.x86_64                                   0.13.71-3.fc34                         @fedora                                        
